00:03 
So if you guys have noticed, the assignment, the class assignment has been posted Monday morning. It was supposed to be out last Wednesday, which originally was Monday, but then-- you didn't have enough break after the second second assignment and also one of your seniors mentioned that you guys want to join and you guys want to enjoy the festival and if i post the assignment on wednesday you guys you guys will be uh so we intentionally posted on monday And also, this assignment is not going to be as intense as the last group, okay, for you guys. It's more of a fun assignment.

01:00 
 So less implementation, but more playing around with it, okay? But still, you should try your best to do your best on the assignment. Because if you look at the last question on the assignment, it's asking for do as much as you can to improve the performance. But this is not the condition as you have seen in the second assignment. Any questions on the assignment? No? So the date has been postponed by one week compared to the original date? If we need to find the exact date. So today we're going to talk about the So just a little bit of recap of what we did so far on the So data.

02:01 
 Well, for now it was legal data. So we talked about a new hypothesis class, which was transformers and RNNs. And a loss function. So far, we've been talking about a new loss function. And a little bit of differences. My little bit of differences, but not that much of a difference. And we didn't really talk about the optimization part because we usually use the SPD and the So for school class learning, we talked about the regression and classification in the last semester. And we talked about a new task in this course, which was the object detection, basically a combination of localization and classification.

03:07 
 And segmentation, which is basically purpose and classification. So that was supervised learning. And we also talked about unsupervised learning for the general calls. But let's just focus on the supervised learning again. So supervised learning, the goal is-- although it's the same for any English learning, which is based on learning from the data to achieve generalization. But for supervised learning, it's legal. And usually we have a correspondence between X and Y. Where X is equal to Y is the corresponding people. The other would be 1. And our goal for school-based learning was to Learn this mapping from the input x to y.

04:04 
 And at the worst, if any new data x comes in, we can predict that it's correspondingly out of the system. And the loss was between the condition y and the label, ground truth y, the answer. So we need this ground truth, the label, the answer, for each x. And that's the problem. It's expensive to collect such labeled data. For classical machine learning, we may not need that much data, so it may not be that much of a problem. But then for neural networks, we need a lot of data for generalization. And to tackle any more complex problem, we need a lot of data.

05:04 
 And even worse, supervised learning requires labeled data, not just any data, labeled data. And the label does not come in Back in the day, humans had to manually make work here. And this data allocation takes a lot of time, human efforts, and most importantly, money.

05:37 
 So today, we're going to try to overcome those limitations of supervised learning and still perform the same class, which is classification of the detection and regression course so we're going to focus on the data and methods the learning methods and learn from raw data or labeled data without data okay so no additional information here So no mutation needed. So less human efforts, time, and money.

06:32 
 So one of the ways to do that, but it was more of a classical approach. It doesn't need a and model isn't pulled You just try to learn the inherent structure of the data, such as clustering, PCA, and whatnot. So it goes back to your first semester last year. But then this isn't really for classifications or discriminative models. Like, we're supposed to predict something about the data. It's more of the inherent structure Next we have semi-supervised learning.

07:29 
 This thing kind of uses the legal data, but only few of them, and a lot of un-legal data. So that's why it's called semi-supervised learning. Only some of them are supervised, most of them are not supervised. Then lastly we have the semi-supervised learning, which is the focus of today's lecture. In this case, similar to the Oxford learning, we do not need manual annotation by humans. But the labels will be created from the data itself automatically by some design expeditator. and it's going to be trained to predict some sort of naturally operating signal that we can choose in the world data rather than human limitations.

08:28 
 So you're going to have some sort of-- And during that process, we hope that this model learns good representation. It's kind of similar to the original course that we are seeing now. Any questions so far? So surface-focused learning has usually two stages. The first stage is where the surface-focused learning is actually made on. And the first stage is called usually pre-pass or pre-training. So you pre-train a network on a pre-passed task. And that doesn't require human's permission. So it doesn't require major readings. But it's going to make its own readings from the raw data.

09:30 
 So why is not human-autocated label is automatically separated from the raw data. And we're going to talk about how we do that. So this is a pre-training part of our test. And then we have the transfer stage. Hoping that during the pre-test learning, we learn good representation of features. And this can be used on the downstream tasks, the next task that we actually care about. So pre-test task is not something we actually care about. But this is just there for us to learn good representation in the neural network. So you can think of this as a pseudo-path.

10:26 
 And then you transfer that encoder to the downstream paths, such as classification of parts, people, and so on. The paths that you actually care about. And then when you want to train this on the downstream test, you may add new regressor, linear classifier, linear regressor. It goes back to your second semester last year course when we talked about deep learning is just there to learn good representation. And on top of that, we just have a linear part, a linear regressor, a linear classifier. Because such that the non-linearly separable or regressible data becomes linearly separable or regressible data after the deep learning part. So deep learning was there to learn good representation all the time. So we don't have to work with a decoder.

11:24 
 We just add the classifier to perform the desired task that we want to perform. So downstream tasks are the tasks that we talked about so far. Image classification of the detection, segmentation, or the image captioning. And does this ring a bell? Does that remind you of something? If you go back to the beginning of this semester, what does this remind you of? This paradigm, pre-trained and by-tuned. Pre-trained on one data set and by-tuned on the other data set.

12:23 
 goes back to the transfer menu. And this is what we did for object detection and segmentation and whatnot. So you have the pre-training on the image map. This time it was program. And then you remove the last layer because that was specifically for image map. So hopefully, all the remaining parts have learned their nonlinear representation. And then we just transfer that to the new task. We add a new layer, again we preview one too And then we can fine tune the whole layers or just last layer, one by one It's really up to you We have a lot of choices to make How to initialize, how to fine tune, which one, which layers to fine tune We have a lot of choices to make So basically the same thing, but then the between part is different. So it's not supervised.

13:27 
 so the goal same as in the transfer learning you pre-train transfer and that should perform better than we want it to perform better than the supervised free trade okay and better than the training on the classroom so this is the only different part compared to the transfer learning It's not supervised on the step one. That's where the second supervised comes in. And we often call this pre-tuning, fine-tuning paradigm. It's basically often used in large language modes and foundation modes.

14:27 
 So you can see that after this success of self-supervised learning, you can actually train a very large model on a very large scale data set because you don't have to one-key the data. But that's only possible if you can make this successful training. And you're going to see how that was not an easy journey. It was very difficult. It took us some time. So we're going to talk about different ways of defining a task during this status quo SMI in the state, step one, in the pre-training. We have generative pretext, which is predicting the product being the signal, one of them being the order of the words that you have seen in the generative models.

15:26 
 And we have three types, sparse, de-moising, and masked. And then we have more regressive, dense, colorization, in-painting, and whatnot. And then we have discriminative model, or prediscriminative task, sorry, predicting something about these signals. Context, prediction, rotation, glossary, contrastive. And then we're going to end it with the multimodal pretext where we use some additional signal as context in addition to the RTP images that we use. Videos, 3D, sound, and language. Questions so far? So let's talk about the ordering order.

16:26 
 So it's going back to the ordering that we talked about. Same thing, actually. So you're trying to reconstruct the input. So you can see that the label is the data itself. So create the label for free. And while reconstructing the input, we hope that this hidden layer learns the to-do representation. And the goal was to learn to-do representation, which can be used in the downstream. And because the loss function is the same as C, you can use some other regression loss, such as L1. So you can see that this is generally the pre-training test. We're trying to recover the original data.

17:14 
 And if you remember the discussion we had for the-- We need to restrict the hidden dimension to be smaller than the inner dimensions, such that we force the network to know only meaningful representation. We move the redundant information, such as the camera noise, sensor noise, anything. So the h here is the hidden dimension and d is the input dimension. And we want the hidden dimension to be much smaller than the input dimension. But this is not enough, usually. Especially if your network has a lot of layers.

18:06 
 So another way to impose the constraint such that the network is even more worse to learn more good representation is parsable input. So it goes back to near the end of the last semester lecture. The last semester course, we talked about sparse regularization, where we imposed the sparsity on the activation itself. To do that, you just add the regularization term on the loss function, objective function. And if you remember, if you want the sparsity, it has to be done on regularization. And then we have the noise thing working right down the way to the constraint.

19:06 
 So to do this, what we do, we add more noise to the input there. So we intentionally corrupt the input image. So you can see that we may lose a lot of information from the input, and the network is trained to recover the original information. And in the process of trying to recover the original image, it's forced to learn the semantic information, how the chat is supposed to look like, how the background is supposed to look like. without the loss. The only difference is how we input this mean process. The output, the desired output is the same as the input, without loss.

20:13 
 with that in mind, we will come back to this afterwards. And this is a very classical approach, OK? Even before you can learn it, I think. OK? And we're going to come back. Next, we have one pass prediction. In this case, given one patch and other patch, we want to find the relative position of the second patch given the first patch. It's just relative position. So this requires the model to know the structure of the object, how the structure is supposed to move. So it only makes sense that here is supposed to be on top of the face of the cat, right?

21:12 
 So you need the understanding of the cat in other cases. Without it, you won't be able to perform this task. So that was the idea. So now this is a discriminative pre-training task, pre-testing task. It needs the understanding of the author. So in this case, the first patch access the anchor. Given this first patch, what is the relative position of the second patch? That's the question. And the answer is 3, after labeling our character, assigning the numbers of the patches.

22:10 
 Or does the side-to-side chosen But it does not require human orientation, right? You just have to define it in the beginning. Fashion? No. So to train this, the model to perform this task, what you do, you feed each patch into a network. You have two networks sharing the weights. It's basically the same weight, but then you're just feeding it each one. two patches, one at a time. The same weights, the same network. That's what it means by sharing weights. After you have the features, you concatenate them.

23:10 
 And then you perform classification over the eight positions. You have eight positions on the relative position. You have eight possible So you have basically created the classification test. And you should be classifications So two networks with the shared weights, which is basically the same network, are sometimes called the stylenates network but it's not much used these days. The term is never really used.

24:07 
 But if you see the term stylenates network it means that they are sharing the same weights. No question? OK. So to see how well the representation was made, we're going to go back to that second semester last year course, right, the contents, which was the nearest neighbors in the feature space. If you remember the visualizing and understanding CNN lecture, one of the ways to visualize how well you have learned the representation was to perform a cluttering, or sorry, nearest neighbor search in the feature space.

25:03 
 So here's your input party, input patch. And this is the result of the nearest neighbor in the randomization migration network. So you can see that it's not that accurate. And then this is the result of the nearest neighbor in the feature space. And it's quite accurate. It's getting that red card with the tire at the front and the cats and human faces. and airplanes. And this is the result of the sample-supervised model on the digital space. So it's quite accurate, but then it's missing the color. Color is not there. Color is not the thing. But still, it's very accurate. And just note that this is without the labels.

26:00 
 This is trained without human labels, human-ordinated labels. The course is not that perfect. We have some-- sorry, this is supposed to be very weird. Very efficient. So compared to the patch, what we have is not the same compared to the surface-- compared to the super-violet signal. Questions?

27:05 
 No? All right. So we have something similar, but a little bit of extension. I remember seeing these papers when I actually participated in the conference. When was the ICES? 2017, in Venice. Not 2006. But this is when we started. And in 2017, we had a lot of papers presented. So when I first saw the poster on these papers, I was like, why should we do this? But only after a few years, I realized that this is very important. Anyways, so the extension is solving these jigsaw puzzles. So I don't know if you guys have ever played with these jigsaw puzzles.

27:58 
 You have just randomly mixed blocks, and you have to reorder them such that it makes the original. So that's the jigsaw puzzle. And basically, you're going to train the model to do the same thing, to perform the jigsaw puzzle, to solve the jigsaw puzzle. And in the process of doing it, we train the model to learn this structure of the puzzle. So basically, the goal is the same as before, but then you're trying to do more than just predicting the relative portion of two patches. Here, you need to understand all the nine patch locations. So you're performing more complex tasks at once. So you may require less training.

28:59 
 So here's the process. So we're going to randomly assign the index of each patch after dividing the-- some-- a larger version into nine patches. So usually it goes from left up to-- and then you order it in the RasterScan order. RasterScan is like how the treatment works. You create it like this, and it goes back to the So 1, 2, 3, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9. So that's the indexing happening here. So then what you're going to do, you're going to randomly shuffle this. And shuffling it is permutation. If you remember, that is the discrete mathematics or your high school. So it's permutation. So you're going to run the shop beat.

29:55 
 So Gsop also is basically what is the permutation of the original image. and here sign next number each from his from he's me night first and or and I'm How many possible permutations do we have for 9 patches? 9 factorial. 9 factorial, right? Which is a lot of numbers, right? And since that's a lot of numbers, we're going to reduce it. So we're going to just randomly choose the permutations for a fixed number of permutations.

30:55 
 And we're going to do something about it. And we're going to go back to that. So let's say we sample the permutation to be 9, 4, 6, 8, 3, 2, 5, 1, 7. So we just shut that. So you can see that the ninth patch comes first. And then the second one was the fourth. And then for each patch, you're going to feed that into the network. Again, it's a side of this, meaning that all of them share the weights. And then you insert the features for each patch. And what you do, you compact them. And then after a few fully connected layers, you perform classification. And what is the class in this case? The index of the permutation.

31:56 
 Which permutation is it? What kind of permutation is it? We're not going to predict 9.6 to something. We're going to say this was indexed as 64 index in that table permutation So that's a class. Permutation is a class. And he said we have nine factorial possible permutations. And we have a lot of classes to perform. And this is more difficult than needed. So we're going to randomly sample hundreds of permutations. So this is one of the permutations we have. So this is basically key way classification predicting the permutation index.

32:56 
 What kind of permutation was it? So this is the input, right? The randomly shuffled input. This is shuffled according to permutation index. Again, classification test. You have created free classification test without human labels.

34:14 
 The problem is these six proposals and the context of the equation, they only work on patches. But then we need to understand the whole image. So this method is getting really cool that far. But then just kind of start the idea of how we can create legal process for it. And then allow this to work.

35:12 
 Next, we are going back to the generated test, which is the BP. So in this case, kind of similar to the denoising already covered, where we randomly brought the image, in this case we're going to just mask out part of the image. And the goal is to predict that masked out region. Okay? Huge block of it. And this is done by human artists. So you can say that this is really reasonable, possible art. And this is done by the L2 loss. And this can be the best way of doing it for the efficient learning. But if you need more realistic version, then you add some adversarial loss. Here, the adversarial loss is that loss in the gap.

36:12 
 You have the additional discriminator network. So adversarial loss means that you have the discriminator Okay. just the disk editor discriminator in the learning process So in the context of GAN, this is the generator part. To be more specific, this is the generator. This is the generator. And this is the discriminator.

37:21 
 Questions? Next we have colorization. So the intuition is that the model has to understand how the object looks like in terms of the color to be able to perform the colorization. There is a flower, there is a butterfly, the background has to be green, whatnot. So you can see that it's all about reconstructing or recovering some information that has been intentionally removed in the original data.

38:17 
 Because by doing so, we can freely create the legal data. We know what's missing because we have intentionally removed that information in the original data. So we have different color space. One most commonly used is the RGB. But the other way is the LED, where we isolate the brightness, the gray scale brightness, as one channel, and the color in the two different channels. And this is better. We are using different color space.

39:03 
 In this case, we are using So we actually feed that lightness channel of the image into the network. And then the goal is to predict the color. And after adding the lightness image again, this is the critic original image and the ground truth would be the original image, right? Image as the white, the ground truth. And this is the white hand. And this is where the loss is being computed.

40:05 
 Questions? So the idea is always simple. You always try to-- who are these generative retires? What are you trying to do? For a generative free tax, what you're trying to do, you remove some information from the original input, and your model is asked or trained to recover that intentionally removed, missing information. And in the process, we hope that the model knows what is the representation of that object. Make sense?

41:01 
 So here's some details on how to train the model to recover the products. We can actually create two paths. One is predicting the color based on the lightness, and the other one is the opposite, the vice versa, where you're giving the color and your goal is to predict the lightness. So we have given the light, where the brightness, and predicting the color. predicting the color. And here, you're trying to-- you're giving the color and predicting brightness. And you combine this to predictions to make the original. You give the data, and then you compare that against the graph.

41:57 
 So this is basically another way of training the autoencoder that you go there, right? and just having one auditor But just imposing the hidden small information in the order you put it was not enough. That's why we imposed this varsity, or adding some noise into the input to remove some information, right? To corrupt some information here. Again, doing the same thing. You're trying to remove some information from the input, and your task was to train the model to recover the missing information. But again, the deal with it was removing the noise to recover the information here.

42:45 
 You're trying to recover the product, So you have two split coding folders, one trying to create the-- scale image and then the other one And they have to be split. No sharing information is because once you share, it's no longer predicting what's in the segment. You can just recover the information from the other channels. It shouldn't happen. So it has to be split. That's why it's called split-free questions? no?

43:46 
 ok.  of course, this is not perfect.  especially, usually the generative free pass are not really that meaningful for-- usually, but not always. Meaningful for the downstream has a step or usually regression, mass foundation. Usually, the downstream has this discriminative So there's a gap between the pretext and the downstream. Because in generative pretext, you need the very fine-grained prediction, the fine-grained information about the shape, color, and whatnot. And then it's important for downstream tasks where you're just performing the classification. The classification does not care about the fine-grained key-soul differences, but in generative pretext, it does.

44:49 
 Having no orange or having an orange over here may make a huge difference in pretext loss. But in classification, you just need that highly leveled understanding. Doesn't matter if he has two or three oranges or one orange, as long as there is an orange, right? With the plausible shape and color. Doesn't have to be accurate in pixel level. So due to that gap, this may not give huge performance improvement, maybe discriminative class impacts. And that's why we go back to that discriminative pre-task tasks that require classification, not generation. First one is deep clustering. So this is basically the clustering that you have learned in the first master class here.

45:48 
 But we're just using the neural networks. I'm going to train using the cluster networks. So first, you randomly initialize the CM, of course. And then you fit in the input image. Each input image is corresponded with the feature. produced by the CN. And just like the classical clustering that you talked about in the K-means, for example, you cluster the features with the K-means. And then you assign the cluster number to each feature. Then each course will basically access the class. So you have favorite class applications.

46:47 
 So you use that cluster of assignments as the labels for each image. And you train the CNN with the assigned clusters to perform the classification. And you hit the process by going back to the step 2. And next time, you may have different assignments of the class. And you're performing the clustering on two different patches, right? Not the whole data, right? It's within each patch. So next time you go back to the step two, it's going to be a different patch with the different images. So basically, this is the K-way classification.

47:57 
 So this is one of the EMI versions that we talked about in general components. Assigning the class, so let's assign a cluster, and then grouping to scan, and then going back to Questions? So far so good. Too slow? Too fast? I think it's being too slow, I think. So let's speed it up. So we have nice location prediction. Again, it's all classification. So in this case, we are trying to predict how much was each image rotated clockwise. So CW is clockwise. Well, actually, sorry. How much was each image was rotated? How many clockwise?

48:58 
 Or the question is, how to rotate clockwise such that it becomes an upright image? The more accurate expression for this is how much rotation should be done to make image upright. You can forget about this question. I think this can be very confusing given the numbers that have written down in the slides. So how much rotation should be done in clockwise? In clockwise?

50:03 
 to make the image from red. So it's the same thing as how to watch each image rotated top of the class. Same thing. So first one is 90 degrees. So to be able to predict, to know how much each image is rotated, you have to understand how the image-- how the outer action looks like in canonical orientation, in the original orientation. What is the natural appearance when you look at it from right? So you have to understand what it looks like. So going back to the contest tradition, you have and also the jigsaw puzzles, right? Same idea. Same thing for the polarization as well.

51:03 
 And the next one is 270 degrees. Next one is 180 degrees. So you know that when you look at the human faces, you know that this is 180 degrees rotated, because you know how the human faces look like when they're formed like this. Next one, either. There is no rotation. Next one, from the same direction.

51:59 
 You can add more degrees if you want, but the more degrees you add, the more complex it can become. And again, this does not require human labeling, because we can just randomly sample the degrees, the rotation, and just solve by that to the images. So this can be done in the data augmentation process, in the process, right? Data augmentation. In your PyTorch, you'll be in the data order. So, which SSL, the separate school-by-school method, is the best? It's very hard because they use different architectures, different pre-training data sets, different downstream tasks that we can actually perform, and have parameters for pre-training, learning ways, training versions, data augmentation, and whatnot. And also, we have different transfer learning for Chromebooks, which tasks we were talking about.

52:59 
 Is it linear programming you're doing? Which information layer? Should we create only the linear layers or should we function the all layers? And you're in the process of learning what are the type of parameters, different choices to make. All of it. So some people try to actually compare the sub-scope as learning on different data sets and different tests after the reproduction, reproducing their results and everything, which can be actually very difficult. And you can see that as of 2019, which is not even 10 years ago, the set of supervised learning gave worse features, meaning worse performance on the downstream paths than the supervised pre-training.

53:59 
 Supervised pre-training means that during the pre-training stage, you perform your supervised learning with the labels. So of course, Now, of course, but then the service provides many with But then people didn't give up. And one reason being is that the NLP, the natural language processing, showed the potential of the surface-to-wet learning. In the natural language processing, or NLP, you give in the sequence of NL words, let's say, that gives the word features for each word in the sentence.

55:00 
 And we can use the RNN if you want, right? It will be from your networks. And here, we do not need the human labels, right? Because we just need to keep the next word, right? The next word prediction, which does not require the labels, right? And we talked about the other way of doing it, where we just mask out some parts of the words and then we keep that masked out, masked words, right? Remember? But here, this picture is showing the next word, which is the next word. So this is how the GPP is trained, right? GPP. BART is trained to predict the master words. But here is the next one, GPP, which is the GPP, how GPP is being trained.

55:59 
 And with the transformer, we saw huge performance improvements. And you can scale up to very large data sets and we do not use human limitations. So we could use a lot of data sets and it didn't require human limitations. And we saw that this can transfer to DynScreen tests with huge performance improvement. So this is where we are beginning to see the power of separate supervised learning. And that was back in 2019 and 2020, which is only five years ago. Only five years ago. I think the Chachapiti service came out like two years ago or something, right?

56:59 
 So two years ago, it was only three years after this. So you can see a huge technology at Masu. The speed of it is remarkable. It's unbelievable. And I cannot believe I have to do this for my whole life. I'm trying to compete against this during class. growing research community. But it's not going to be just AI anymore. It's going to be a cost of all science. Because every field is going to use AI. And this is where the data science can be very important. Data science is an interdisciplinary discipline.

58:00 
 interdisciplinary program and field where we communicate with people from different fields and talk about what kind of AI or what kind of AI technology can be useful to find new discoveries in that specific scientific field. Anyways, let's go back to the image models. So transformer with 180 meters and 540 billion parameters. They found that the bigger models trained on more data tend to give better downstream task performance. The more data, the better. The larger the model, the better.

58:54 
 which is kind of in contrast to what you guys have learned in version 92 course where we said if the model is too complex, it's going to tend to overfit. But I emphasized that in that semester where if the model is more complex relatively to the data, meaning that if we have all our data, we don't have to worry too much about the overfit. if you have more data. Now, with the status of our screen, we are no longer limited by the scale of the data. So you can see that the transformer subsets and the subsets of the super-fine-summary kind of go together. Without the super-fine-summary, we wouldn't have that large-scale data.

59:53 
 But now the large-scale data is possible, way to get it super-fine-summary. And transformer benefit from more data because it has less inductive bias. And this is called the scaling model. The more data, the larger the data model, the better performance. And this is where-- the center of gravity of AI research has started to shift from the land research to the companies because the companies have a lot of funding and money to build larger structures, larger infrastructures, or more GPs. more data.

01:00:54 
 Google can collect a lot of data from videos and this is why their reset video generation model can perform really well because they have this almost unlimited amount of data available There is a power gap. Data is money. And people are giving the money for free. Or they actually even pay to the company and why give you the data. This is a little bit ironic. But that was in NLP. So how can we achieve this same success in vision? This intensified interest in statistical science learning since about 2018 or 2019.

01:01:55 
 And this is also why we try to use the DIT for-- I'm sorry, the vision transformers for the country, the DIT. So going back to the computer vision now, since now we have seen that separate supervised learning can be very beneficial in NLT, despite the failures that we have seen in the previous attempts in the computer vision. We saw that it's possible in the online domain, but it's hard to make it a reality in digital as well. But going back to the CNN, So if you remember in retrospect, when we saw this assessing NLP, the int data was basically kind of augmented of the original data. So we kind of thought, can we do something similar with the data augmentation then?

01:02:55 
 What do you think this is? This is the ear, right? Just different augmentations of the original photo of the ear or drawing of the ear We have scale, augmentation, shape, color, jitter, and color balance Again, to understand that this is a deer in the different augmentations, you have to understand how the original deer actually looked like. So it actually goes back to the previous self-described learning methods in computer engineering. It was all about making the model to understand how it actually looks like in the original.

01:03:45 
 or in the original shape before it was a puzzle for colorization and the what else was it? rotation, right? but now the augmentation is extension of that it's not just rotation, it's not just the colorization it's all of it any simple augmentation that you can perform So given the initial data set, unlabeled data set of n image patches, you sample k different number of meditation for each patch.

01:04:26 
 Now you have k times n total number of and you feed in an augmented patch into the CNN then you predict which image was it which image is the original version of the augmented patch So now this is N-way classification Now you are trying to predict the original image from the augmented image The problem is, since you're trying to perform the n-way classification, this can be very limited. There's a limit as to how many deep patches that you can actually use for training this DNA.

01:05:27 
 Because the more classes you have, the more complex it becomes. But you can see that we have very large number of different objects. And not be just put into the form of anyway classification. So now this brings us to this problem, this question brings us to contrastivity. And this is the one of the most commonly used approaches for statistical asmone in computer vision nowadays. And any what model? Models, AI models.

01:06:28 
 So, we do not have the labels for images, let's say. That's the assumption for the set-principled bias learning. And again, we are talking about the pre-taxed task, the stage one. Okay? Stage one. The step two, the stage two, is still fine-tuned on the downstream test. Okay? But now, this is pre-taxed. So let's assume that we don't have labels for the images, but we know whether some pairs of the images are similar or not similar. And similar images should have similar features in this same class, the cat. And dissimilar images should have dissimilar features.

01:07:22 
 So if we have the last function, the distance, the distance between two features, distance between two features, and let's say we are using the Euclidean distance, it doesn't have to be. We can use the equal sign similarity after the normalization. Then if it's a similar feature, you want the distance to be small. We recognize that two images are similar, so the loss should be small, the distance should be small. So you pull the features together. You train the CNN to recognize that these two images are similar by training the CNN to map these two images to similar features on this feature space. If they are similar, the features should be similar. So it goes back to your second semester last year course when we talked about how to measure similarity. You measure it as the distance, how small the distance is.

01:08:27 
 And-- On the contrary, if it is dissimilar, then the distance should be far away. The distance should be large. The two features should be far away. So in this case, we are quantifying the similarity as the distance on the feature space. And we push these features apart, and optimize the net. So this is the hinge loss that is kind of like a hinge loss that you have seen in the SVM. I have another thing. Any question or remark? Question or remark?

01:09:41 
 So let's take a break for about 14 minutes. Let's come back here at 1030. I think there's a label that has something similar. I've done the clip. What should I do? I'm just comparing it. But what I'm doing here is... I'm comparing the picture and the drawing. Between the two pictures. Is the clip called text? The clip is called text.

01:10:48 
 But... This similar man... Isn't similar and dissimilar the most similar? What? If it's not similar, you try to drop something, and if it's similar, you try to stick it close. I don't know.

01:11:49 
 What is that? That's Nasanghyun's... He touched my thigh. Is he a vocalist? Is he a vocalist? Nasanghyun drew it. What if he says I'm Sanghyun in a comment that says I'm wearing this? I think there's something like that. You thought it was Ansan, right?

01:12:47 
 Why did you explain it like this? I'm going to take it because I can tell if it's similar or not. Thank you.

01:13:50 
 I'm sorry One of them was not many people were able to get reasonable results within one semester. to be able to perform the project with enough and deep understanding of what they're actually doing they need more theories one of them being the contrasting learning and surface provide learning and the recent ai models were only possible after this surface and it would make sense for the AI scientists and data scientists to use the data to understand how data came about.

01:14:47 
 And this is why I shifted to the theories. And also with the hands-on assignments, such that you guys actually understand better how to use them more properly. Okay. Although I really want to have the projects first as well, but then it was really not that possible to kill two birds with one stone. Sorry about that. But of course, just because the courses do not provide the chance for you guys to do the personal contacts does not mean-- does not really stop you from doing it. You should be able to do it yourself. you have a lot of great 3D summer break. And you see how to use that time. And also, not just courses.

01:15:45 
 Aside from the courses, you have plenty of time to do your own personal project in the sense But yeah. So I really wanted to give you more background and more theories for you to use as tools. Because of your tools. Understand. And you can see that if I try to have all these theories and be personal protective, you need one semester. You do too much for me. And this is why I shifted to the theory center of science. So hopefully, you guys are more ready to perform any AI-based process on your own, or after practice, or any other competition that you perform on. Any questions?

01:16:49 
 Sorry for interrupting your conversation, but it's just, I was too bored and I was scared. It sounded really interesting, and kind of made me regret a little bit. Should I have done the personal project first, based on your passion and enthusiasm for the AIs? There is always a gap between the Iyo-Isen practice, right? There's a gap between the Anikido and the Yame. So, okay, let's go back. Let's just look at a little bit, because many people were kind of sleepy, closing out, because they're somewhere. So it really goes back to the goal is to achieve general by learning from the data.

01:17:49 
 We are trying to learn, and especially for deep learning, we are trying to learn good representation. Here, the good here is the generalization. Good representation that allows to get generalization on any downstream path, rest of all. And we have found out that, especially in the era of deep learning, the more data we have, the better generalization.

01:18:47 
 Because the more data we have, the more knowledge we have about the world. That means the less knowledge we have to put in, the less human design parts. So the more generalization. But, supervised learning prevents us from going to school. Why? We need label data.

01:20:05 
 So what do we want to do? We want to create a simple headset without the manual on the tissue. So SSL, service pool by the minute, to the rest of the week. And today, we just talked about how to perform the self-exploitation. So what is-- the self-exploitation learning has two stages. Let me just read for you. I'm going to finish writing. But there is nothing here. It's just a summarization of what we have done.

01:21:14 
 So self-dubbed supervised learning is actually the step one in this two-stage approach. So step one. This is where the SSL comes in. This is where the SSL comes in. You pre-chain a network on the pre-task tasks that we automatically create. It doesn't require human-orientated abilities. And again, the goal is to learn good representation. We started from the motivation areas, such as the reduced feedback.

01:22:19 
 And usually, in SSL, what we do is that we take away some information from the original data, and we train the model to create that information, to recover that information. We follow them the overall pattern, usually. And then maybe either any of the noise, the original piece that is gone in the auto recorder, and it could be jigsaw puzzle, very small, randomly permutated, and we try to recover that, or it could be rotated. And if we are taking out some huge region of the image, taking out the color, So in this case, it was just predicting the relative position of the patch. So it's classification.

01:23:18 
 And also, adding the noise to the original image, this is the generated class. the jigsaw puzzle that we talked about, intaking, taking out the whole-- the larger region, and also colorization. Or it could be also predicting brightness at the same time. Predicting the rotation. Here's a talk about the deep clustering. The grouping. This is not really taking out some information, but still. Grouping. And whatnot. I think this is what it was.

01:24:14 
 And we saw that the general test task, which is one of them being the credit in the original image that you saw, where the colorization, where you painted, they requires very finely pixel information to be accurate. And this was not really relevant to the downstream tasks that are usually discriminative. And this is why we focused mainly on the redistributed pre-tests. Because our goal is to perform well on the downstream tasks. To learn the good representation, they can work well on the downstream tasks. That's our final goal. Having just good representation is not enough. We have to validate whether that representation is good enough by performing on the downstream tasks.

01:25:05 
 And this is why we kind of shifted to the discriminated pretext, such that gap between the step one pretext and step two downstream past small. But despite so, the performance compared to the supervised counter-fact of the step one was not very good. But people didn't give up. Why? Because the language counterpoint showed the potential. They actually performed way better than the supervised counterpoint. In fact, the language doesn't really need school-wise labels. You can just use the language itself because next-word prediction is very natural.

01:26:00 
 It does not require that complex design of And now the question is all about how to manipulate the data such that the task is complex enough such that we can enforce the network to learn meaningful representation. It is forced to learn meaningful representation, otherwise it won't be able to successfully perform the three-task task. That's the goal. So the three-task task is complex enough and also meaningful enough for the network to learn good representation. And basically, we just perform a bunch of augmentations to it. That includes the rotation pre-tastic also.

01:26:55 
 That also includes the colorization of the So it's kind of more of a generalization of what happens And also, the copying is kind of the relative position of that. But then just predicting the original class given the augmentation is not that scalable because you have to predict the n-way classification where n is the number of patches or images you have and that can be very many. So it's not scalable. And this is where we shift it to the contrasting learning. where if we have similar images, we enforce the features to be similar by minimizing the distance between the features of the similar images.

01:27:45 
 And also, if the images are dissimilar, then we repel the distance by increasing the distance between the dissimilar images features. OK. The problem here then is how do we know which image is similar or dissimilar when we don't have labels? We cannot just manually click the image and see the image and see that all this is dissimilar. That's labeling. That's augmentation process. We cannot do that. And it's not scalable because we don't have billions of images. We cannot click each image in billions of images. Although we can also respect to people, but still, it's not scalable. That's not the goal of self-supervised learning. Self-supervised learning should not have human intervention during the training or orientation.

01:28:50 
 So that brings us to more recent version of contrast learning with data augmentation. So it's kind of combination of the contrast learning with time-sync and the data augmentation, invariance to the data augmentation. So that's what we're doing. So, we sample a batch of n images, the unable images, okay? And we're going to assume each image is a separate class. Separate class. And we're going to perform augmentations on each image. Two augmentations. Two random augmentations. Okay? So randomly selecting the augmentation and assigning that. So you can do that in the data logger. So you can see the cat. With the cat, you have cropping and the color difference.

01:29:49 
 And also, for the monkey, you have remove the color and you have the cropping version. So you can see that when you look at this, it's kind of doing the relative positioning of the patch. So in this case, it's doing the colorization test and whatnot. So it kind of includes what you have discussed so far. Implicitly, not explicit. And here you use the same CNN sharing the weights, the Stylist Network. Again, going back to what you have discussed so far. You use the same features. So all of this have shared weights. Or even we have different version of it where it's not exactly shared. But for now, they are sharing the weights.

01:30:50 
 And if two images are coming from the same image but with a different orientation, they are similar because they are coming from the same image, just different orientation. So it's kind of similar to the original contrast that we have seen, where it's practically the original image touch. Here we're just saying that these two touches have to be the same class because they are coming from the same image. And it is coming from different types, different age.

01:31:41 
 So the diagonal here is just referring to the same pair of the same images, same patches. So we're not going to care about that. This is just identity. This is going to give non-equal information. It's not going to give you unique information. But what we care about is the one of the diagonal, element that's of the diagonal diagram. Thank you.

01:33:19 
 Any questions?

01:35:09 
 Any questions? Now it's the best time to ask questions to save time. *whispers So basically-- so let me just talk about it without the slides to save time.

01:36:07 
 So the augmentations coming from the same image, they are considered as the same class. And all the other images augmentations are considered as-- So you can also think of it as a binary classification where the images come from the same image as class 1, all the other images class 2. Or you can think of it as 2n minus 1 classification, 2n minus 1 way classification, each augmented image acting as a class. where minus 1 is coming from the one patch and all the other ones as the other images. And only one of them is the positive class, right?

01:37:01 
 All the other ones are 2n minus 2 classes are supposed to be different. So to summarize, images coming from the same image are positive class, all the other ones are negative class. So that allows us to bring these same image augmentations to Quotient and every other augmentations far away. That's why it's called contrastive learning. between the different image and the same image augmentation. And it's gonna be trained to be invariant to augmentations, right? Because if it's coming from the same image, we don't care about whether it's different augmentation or not. It's the same image. So it's trained to be invariant to the augmentation.

01:38:04 
 And by doing so, we hope that the representation is good representation that we can use for the downstream task. I believe that didn't take too much time for the office to be finished.

01:40:21 
 Okay, sorry about the delay. So the green box means that it's coming from the same class, same image, with respect to this image, this patch. This image and this image is coming from the same class. That's why it's the same image. Just different augmentation. And all the other-- images are different images-- or coming from different images compared to that image over there. So you know how to read this matrix, OK? So red ones means the different images. Green one is same images. So to train this model, you measure the similarity, or you can also measure the euclidian and the altitude distance.

01:41:18 
 And we say that this similarity, this cosine similarity, should be high for images that are coming from the same image, and should be low if it's coming from different images. And you can see that this is very similar to the soft mass function of the ELC. This is why this is basically classification. This is basically classification. How is the temperature? So depending on the temperature, your classification output can be very sharp or smooth.

01:42:07 
 So sometimes when you see the LLM document or the model card, if they say the temperature is high, that means that every time you give the same prompts to the language model, it's going to be a very different out if the temperature is high. It kind of makes sense because when you think about the movement of particles, if the temperature is high, each particle has high energy. So it moves faster, and it's more random to us. It moves more random to us because it's moving very fast. Same thing. So if the temperature is high, then there's more randomness, usually. Questions? So it's basically classification. Classification. 2 and minus 1 wave classification for each image separately.

01:43:05 
 Each image has different 2n-1 classification, right? From the perspective of this image, this is positive and everything else is negative. From the perspective of this image, this is positive and everything else is negative. So this is why each image has its own 2n-1-rated classification. So it's kind of different from the original classification we talked about. Hopefully you get the idea. So by doing so, we are finally able to outperform the trained power amplifier, the superviolet-centered power amplifier. And better performance with the VIP.

01:44:00 
 Because Transformer, it has less endocryphal bias and can better work from more data. And it shows huge improvement in the downstream classes such as object detection and secondary detection we talked about. Can you find any drawbacks of contrast memory where we can do better? Or can you find any possible problems with this training procedure? And whenever you want to find the problems, try to pick up the extreme cases. Just like how you try to find the corner cases in programming.

01:44:54 
 And this is something you should always do before you deploy your products to the customers. The corner cases. And that's very difficult to accomplish, right? Let me give you a hint. You're sampling the batch of images. And before you ask a question, please raise your hand. You're sampling the images. And what will be the instant case when you're sampling the images? All images are sampled in the same class.

01:45:55 
 So let's say the sample images are all cats. And you try to differentiate them. It can be beneficial if it's different breeds of class cats. Let's say a white face in the same breed. We have no control over it. We do not know because it's not labeled. And we're not going to open up each image to find out whether it's the same class or not. So what matters is how different images are going to be in the batch. The quality of negative samples matters. How different the images are.

01:47:09 
 So to solve these issues, what people have done is just sample a lot of it, like 5 clock or more, 10, 20, more, more, such that even though you don't have control grid, the probability of having different images, different classes, will increase within the network. What happens when you have a lot of batches? When you have huge batches, right? The memory, the computational complex, increase, especially with the transformers. So afterwards, many haters have come up with the idea of effectively centering the negative units or reducing the dependence on the size of the batch.

01:48:07 
 So scene clear was basically this contrast line, the same thing over here, which came from the Japanese Hinton style. And Bocco, too, is just-- well, it's one of the ways to reduce the dependence on the negative images sample, or the size of the data. So if you remember, we preferred the discriminative pretext because that gives less gap between the pretext for pre-training stage and fine-tuning downstream stage.

01:49:00 
 But the author of ResNet show the other way, show the other ones. They show that just strong regularization on the orderly order or strong constraint on the orderly program will be transformed and a lot of data will give better downstream task performance. without using contrastive learning. And that is basically the last order of error. And it's not actually you better. It goes back to the painting problem that we have seen, where he didn't really want to correct the EFC. But you messed up a lot of that. So you first divide the image into non-overlapping patches, just like how you have done for the DIP. And you just mask up the allotted patches.

01:49:59 
 And you only feed in the unmasked, or the patches that are intact, that are not masked away, into the DIP. So you get the features. And then you place the eTech features into the full image patches. So the green ones are these messed up patches. The zero value. So you can see the corresponding tattoos in face. And the decoder is trained to predict its net missing values given the context.

01:50:57 
 The context is the intact patches features. And the target is basically the original image. So you can see that this is nothing new. It goes back to the auto-encoder. The noise here is the form of the It's basically the same as the impending, but the impending was just huge block, the continuous block. But in this case, it's just a random mass-out patches. And this is the extreme case that you have there in three. You can see that more than 90 of the inputs are mass-out. And this is the reconstructed. And you can see that it really needs the understanding of the objects to be able to deconstruct it to this extent.

01:51:57 
 But again, it's not new. It's the same as the classical records you have seen. It's just different. And this is very recent, only eight years ago. So sometimes, it's not the new technology or new skills that are needed. It's a new insight that you can bring to community. Hey, why are you focusing only on this discriminative pretext when the classical way can do it way better? It just needs more data, more and more much stronger architecture. And research is not about following people, it's about giving new insights to people.

01:52:56 
 So while other people were focusing on the contrasting learning, we kindly met the author of ResMed. And by doing so, they were able to perform better than the contrasts there.

01:53:29 
 So now we can better from the large scale data set, just like with the So the motivation for SSL was scaling to large-scale data set that we cannot do the labeling, or we do not want to do labeling, such that we can learn better representation with the scale of the data. But if you have noticed, they are pre-training, they are sometimes learning on the image map, on labeling image map, but even maybe on the image map again. But ImageNet is already very well designed and curated, meaning that there's a balance between classes. And if you remember the balance data set, I should remember so well. If you remember the second semester last year.

01:54:33 
 And the self-disclosed mining on larger data sets has not been so successful as the NLP. And we are not testing on different ways. We are testing on the same data set on this so far. And we want to go beyond this isolated data set. We want to actually test on the realistic domains that we have not seen during the subsequent And only then we can actually tell whether we have watched a new general application, to more new concepts.

01:55:05 
 But still, it's a meaningful milestone that we have, that we were able to finally outperform So how can we go beyond isometric images that leads us to now multiple cyber-supervised media? So you're not going to just know from the images itself We're going to take images together with some context that you can freely get easily. One of them being videos. So videos, you have the continuous stream of images, right? So if you take one image at the nearby place, and we know that they have to be similar unless there's a split scene, okay? But there's a sudden change in the scene.

01:56:05 
 It's usually the same image, but with just a little bit of movement in the objects, right? The other one is the images with the audio back from video. And just by these two, you can see that Google has a huge overhead, because it has the access to a lot of data. Although you can always easily crawl. And this is why I think many people at Google may be wondering why they were kind of falling behind in the race of AI. The other one is the 3D image with the DAP, or the point cloud, the 3D information.

01:57:05 
 And finally, and most importantly-- well, not the most. One of the most important things that we are going to talk about is the language context. Images with natural language context. And if you actually look at the detailed properties of images on the internet, we have something called alt-text, the alternative information. And this is usually for visually impaired people. So they can click some button and then it will just, the computer will speak out the words that are written in the alt text information, the meta information. And you can easily crawl that. Or you can also easily crawl from the Pinterest or some other Instagram or the posts images with the textual descriptions.

01:58:04 
 And you're freely getting kind of labeled data set. But it's not just a class label, but it's actually more detailed distribution of data. Again, we are borrowing the power from the internet. So you can easily crawl large data sets of images with patches. And now we can see that it's no longer just a dog. It's a dog with a head out the window of a car. It's giving more information. So it's very dense in terms of semantic information. Although we have not used humans to annotate the data.

01:59:09 
 The people who are using the internet from the context, from the perspective of the dinami researchers, they are the free volunteers. They are doing it for free for us. But for people, they are just using the service, right? To express their feelings, to express their life and what not. So the power, the change you're using was not possible without the people who are using the internet. And there's the, you can use language to describe any concept. And it can be abstract as well. For example. and scalability, because you have to be an expert to actually do this.

02:00:06 
 So we can collect data from the internet and scale. So the discussion we had in the second semester last year, where we said the deep learning is possible with the advent of deep learning. And that discussion is applied even more in the self-described learning, the foundation one, the large deep learning one. So we talked about the image captioning, right?

02:00:45 
 So we can do that By doing so, we are able to get better representation So compared to the supervised method, we are able to get better performance with the VIP Better yet, we can actually combine this information with the contrast learning and that brings us to CLIP C standing for contrasting, L standing for language, I standing for image, P standing for portraying. So you see something similar, right? Texts, but then the difference is that it's not image by image, it's text by image, or image by text.

02:01:39 
 Each image comes with a corresponding text caption, which can be easily obtained from the email. And only the image with the corresponding text is the positive pair. They are the positive label for each other. And all the other images and all the other captions are negative. But here we are only comparing images against the text. So if the text is coming from the same image, then it's positive. If it's a different image, it's negative. If it's a different class, it's negative. You can also perform the augmentation if you want. Of course it's not going to perform the augmentation, but the idea is the same. is contrast movement.

02:02:37 
 So you're going to use the same cross entropy loss right here. So basically, the idea is if the text and image are describing the same object, in the multiple of feature space, they have to be back to similar position. So it is some sort of the multimodal feature space. Then the text autoencoder and image autoencoder should place The features to be on the same location, similar location if it's coming from the same object and same, if it's coming from the same image and the same description. If not, repel. Okay? Attract and repel.

02:03:34 
 Attract for the same image taxpayer and repel for the different tax and image taxpayer. Okay? Make sense? And by doing so, we are kind of mapping this multi-moral feature space. So by doing so, we can also do retrieval by giving some text and retrieving some images. Gathering around, giving some images, and retrieving some And by doing so, we are able to get very strong performance on many downstream vision classes. This is the performance. Even with the ResMed, they were able to perform better than the previous ones. But how do you perform the classification, the downstream classification with the click?

02:04:32 
 What you can do is that you can create a class by giving a photo of a class name. That kind of is like the capture. And usually the caption is like a photo of something, or I took a photo of something. Just giving the object the class name can also work fine. But giving more realistic caption that kind of follows the format of the data set gives better performance. And this is where the field starts to focus on how to give better captions. And this is also related to your-- So, photo of plane, I think it's first class. Photo of car, I think it's the second class.

02:05:32 
 After the, feeding it to the vaccine photos. And for each query image, you compare that feature, the feature of that query image against each caption's feature and see which one has the highest similarity. Just like how you have done it for the classification of our disparate set. You can think of this as the class programs. You don't use it in your class model. And you can just give different classes that you actually care about. For self-driving cars, you have people, traffic lights, cars. Just fit that in, a photo of a car, a photo of a person, and see in this given event which one is more similar.

02:06:27 
 And you can actually perform the segmentation with the car without any fine tuning and perform it better than supervised car repair. So you see the power output. So we just talked about following the format of caption in the training data set. But a photo of a plane or a photo of a car may not be exact match to the data set. It's just one of the ways of image. And you can actually see the photos in different papers. You have many lines of different formats of the photo. It's called also prompt. Prompt engineering.

02:07:27 
 It's a little bit different from the prompt engineering in the large language model context, but it still is prompt engineering. And people have thought, instead of manually designing the problem, just like how you have seen the trans-indie passenger, what are we trying to learn? So what people have done is, we object. Where we is the normal. So if you remember the LLM, or the language model, we first translate the text into token, and token into the embedding.

02:08:25 
 So this is the model of embedding, text embedding. And we optimize the performance by learning this event. So you're going to see the gradient propagating all the way to the input. And we talked about how to propagate the gradient all the way to the input back in style transfer in the second semester last year, near the end of the course. I don't know if you can remember the word, but I can't remember that concept. Optimizing the input is so important.

02:08:59 
 okay and that is basically what we are asking you to do in the vertical side The problem is the Qlik training data set is private and never produced the results and some people try to achieve the same performance by collecting the images and captions from the red. So here's the summary. So the goal is we are trying to learn good representation. And here we hope that we're collecting the more data and training on more data without achieving that generalization. But it's not scalable. We just provide money because we need to manually make all the data. Of course, there is a way to automatically enable the data using the pre-trained network, but there's an indication.

02:09:59 
 So we shift the attention to the service provider, where we can create a pre-taxed pass. By forcing the network to learn the semantic information in the inner structures of the audience, and by doing so they learn the good representation which can be transferred to the downstream. So it's still only in the categorization of transferment that we have seen in the beginning of it. So we talked about many pretext tasks for discriminative and generative pretexts. For discriminative, we have summarized that into one huge data augmentation process and shifted that to the contrast learning. In contrast learning, we say that even if it's a different augmentation, if it's coming from the same image, it's the same image. Positive class.

02:10:58 
 All the other images, negative class. But then the author of the resume showed that generative pretext can also give better performance. You just need more masking out and better huge architecture. So we have two winners contrasted and masked over in quarter. And masked over in quarter, if you remember, this is the same way of training the art. You mask out the words. You predict the missing words. Same thing. So this division comes from art.

02:11:55 
 But then the evaluation, the training were limited to the image network's variance. We have something called JFT, but then that's also kind of just the extension of the image network. And this is where we have shifted to the remote mode at the film, where we use the contrasting learning with images and its corresponding caches, where the cache is acting as the different augmentation of the image. Of course, the contrast learning is not the only way of training on the multimodal or labeled data set. But so far, it's giving very promising results. And CLIP is just one of the most well-known instances of the success in multimodal contrast learning.

02:12:53 
 And you guys are still using it when you're using the test condition image generation. You give some tasks, this is generating some images. They're using this to train them all, or the component of them all. And that brings us to the question of how to give the caption, what kind of caption is needed to get good results on the downstream. So how many of you have actually read the assignment? No one. So if I gave you the assignment last Wednesday, you didn't make a huge difference at all, right? You'd be just complaining how I am not doing the best for it.

02:13:56 
 You'll be just under pressure to finish the assignment within one week or three days before the assignment starts or assignment finishes. All right, so let me just give you some context. Or that you're the one who is responsible for learning the context. Because if you remember, context is very important for the knowledge. Because contrast learning is also all about learning the context. So your task in the third assignment is playing around with the division models. Specifically, this stable division. The reason why people are very fond of state of diffusion is because it's open source.

02:14:57 
 Ironically, open AI was supposed to be open source, but it's not. They are not open sourcing the models. And that's why people are blaming-- or people don't really like open AI, at least the community researchers. And stable division has open source demo and many people are using the stable division as the open source model, although nowadays there is a lot of open source division models. And...

02:16:09 
 Yes, sir. So you guys learned about this, right? Hopefully you remember. So diffusion is basically the process of adding the noise all the way to the Gaussian. And then you train the model to predict the noise that has been added and remove that to generate energy. But the stable diffusion performs the diffusion on the latent space. They perform the-- whoa, that's not supposed to happen.

02:17:18 
 So your stable diffusion performs the denoising process or diffusion process on the latent space. And the latent space is mapped by degree Ae. This is the degree Ae. we have already talked about it, right? So instead of performing the diffusion process in the real image, we perform it on the latent space. And the denoising, where the noise prediction is done by the unit. And unit contains another kind of VAD structure. And here, we condition the state of diffusion on some information, the context, just like we are seeing here. And here, usually, we use the text.

02:18:19 
 And to give the context into the denoising unit, we use the cross-optension. This is the cross-optension. So you can see that the context here being hidden to the cross-optension intermediate radius of the unit. You have the switch because it's the classifier-free guidance. It needs both unconditional and conditional diffusion process. Unconditional means that you do not give the context. Conditional, you're giving the context. And the task of personalization, which is the assigned topic, is to allow, enable the division to create the new images, the model that has not been, that has not seen before.

02:19:16 
 And making this be very relevant is generating images of your personal objects or yourself. Hopefully your data has not been leaked and you did not give a lot of data to Facebook and Instagram, then your image data is unknown, it's new. So the model won't be able to generate a new scenario for you, your images. So personalization, what they do is that you give few instances, let's say three to five images of you, and you give a new context with the past. Say, I want myself to be in front of idol power.

02:20:11 
 and it will try to understand your appearances and generate a new photo of you with the scenario described by your past. So that prompt, new prompt, will be given here. Okay? And when you're giving new images of yourself or of your past, let's say you're giving photos of your past, right? And let's say it's a dog, and it gives a photo of a dog doing a training. It needs some guidance. So it gives very general paths. So if it's you, it would be person. But that's not enough. There's a huge gap between the five-way characteristic of your password yourself and the password description. And there's a different scenario, right?

02:21:11 
 Because if you look at the caption, it's very fine-grained. It's very detailed. But a photo of a person, a photo of a dog, is not enough. You're not giving enough context. So there is a huge gap between the text and the images. And that goes back to the discussion we had. prompt design, prompt learning. You try to learn a new prompt that describes the unit of error. So your goal is to learn this prompt. That's texturing version. So your gradients are going to flow from the reconstruction all the way to the text. The gradients have to flow all the way to the text. So you have to set the text to be required thread true.

02:22:10 
 Otherwise, it's not going to stop there. By default, PlayTorch sets the gradient to be, the required gradient to be false for the input. But you have to set it true. Because you have to learn the input in that. And by doing so, it's not just a photo of a dog, but maybe a photo of certain breed of the dog. And if you want to add more textual information to context to the images, then you can do something better. And that would be your playing around with the texturing version. And he passed to the teacher this importer. That's click passing importer. That's click. Being trained to be this self-supervised man.

02:23:10 
 So it took more than expected because of the little bit of technical issues. But that's it for today. If you have any questions about our assignments,

