00:40 
So why is general commodus and why is it important? So why study the model? Why are we interested in it? First of all, any element or any AI that you're using right now is actually generating the model. It's actually generating some of it. It's either characters, layers, images, or not. We're generating it by giving some context for it. So basically, the help you're getting from AI kind of gives you the motivation that you need to know or you need to study to become a scientist. So this is just giving you some of this, but then you already know how important this is, right? So what is the model?

01:39 
 Can we actually categorize the models on what type of unscored bias learning? Until now, it's the second semester of last year, right? Much learning, too. the first half of this course, we focused on the right? In school bias learning, you have the input data and the corresponding data Y. And your goal was to learn this mapping from X to Y, the function that maps X, the input, to Y. So classification we looked at last semester. Regression we looked at last semester. In this course, we looked at the objective detection, which is this combination of classification and localization, which is regression, and asymmetric segmentation, which is basically a purchase of classification. So it's all supervised learning. You have the ground truth for the corresponding input.

02:37 
 image captioning as well, which would be very helpful. So what is unspoken bias learning? As you guys may remember, the first semester of last year, you guys covered some unspoken bias learning, such as the clustering, and also the PCA, principal component analysis, and feature learning, which is what we are going to learn today. And that's the estimation. You're trying to learn the inherent structure of the data. So generate models is usually compared to a base and discriminate the models. Discriminate the models, so you're trying to learn the probability distribution of the labels, the label, the Y, the class, caption, or the segmentation mask, whatnot. But then, in general models, what it's trying to learn is the distribution itself about the input data of x.

03:37 
 So that's in contrast to the discriminant models, where you're trying to learn the distribution over the label y. Here, you're trying to learn distribution of the input data itself. or any data that you want to generate at least. And then you have conditional director models, which is basically trying to generate the if-that distribution, or trying to model the if-the distribution, perhaps, while conditioned on some context, such as class label or caption, whatever, OK? Just some context. So in the case of GPT, the why would be your prompt, right? What kind of image do you want to generate? You say a photo of a person. And the person is basically the label or the Y here. But here, do not be confused that the Y always has to be the label. No, it's not. It's just some context. Just some context.

04:36 
 So I'm going to skip the slide here. The problem with the discriminatory model is that it cannot learn or it cannot give a meaningful distribution of the y for a given unknown input. So let's say you have a classifier that was trained on two classes. Cats versus dogs. But now you can give any image to the model, say a monkey, which is neither dog class or cat class. Or sometimes an image then kind of looks like the artist's, the work of art. In this case, what he did, the best thing he can do is give 50 to each class to show that you do not know. But the model does not usually do that. He always gives a higher probability to one of the classes because that's what he's trained to do. I'm trying to find any similarity between the learned class and the given input.

05:39 
 So you cannot handle the unknown classes, and it does not give meaningful results. So a better thing to do is actually just give a possibility or the probability that this image can actually exist in the world, given the knowledge of the data. So giving the probability to each image or each input. So you can see that it's more complicated. You actually have to capture this realistic knowledge about what's going on in the images or in the input. So you need a lot of data. But once you have trained it well, you can actually recycle unreasonable inputs by learning or training the model to assign the small values for the unreasonable inputs.

06:34 
 But if you have actually known the distribution properly well, then you should reject any image that doesn't look real, that does not fall into the distribution, because the distribution only gives high probability values to the data. But then, if you only have the generic model, P of x, each possible input has to fight each other, against each other, to compete for the probability value. But then, what if you're only interested in dot classes, dot images, such that you can get more fine-grained knowledge about the adult.

07:21 
 In that case, you condition the model on that class, where you can actually control the generation process of the model by giving the context, the input, the prompt to your strategy, for example. And in fact, the conditional generation model can be constructed using the gentle models and distributed models by using the phase rule that you are familiar with that you learned last year in the first semester. Okay, so, skipping details. Any questions until now? Hopefully, for those of you who were absent last week, you guys went over the slides yourself, and if you have questions, you should stop me and ask. Okay? So, hopefully by now you have some introduction and the background on the degenerative models.

08:15 
 And the goal here is, as you may have guessed, you're trying to learn this data distribution, the distribution of real data. You're trying to find a model that can approximate this real data distribution. So as I said before, this is very complicated and difficult, especially in contrast to the discriminative models that you have learned. Because in discriminative models, you try to discriminate one class against the other, where one type of the data is the other. In other words, you're just trying to draw the borderline. So it's decision-boundary. If you pass the equation, you're just throwing the decision-boundary. For regression, you're just trying to fit the line. So you're trying to find the line that explains the data.

09:18 
 So in the discriminant models, it was all about just finding the line, either getting the data or drawing the algorithm between two or more classes. But in generative models, you actually have to find this space that gives the probability. So you can say that it's more dimensional. It's trying to find the density itself. But once you have found the density, you can easily draw the line afterwards. You can easily draw the line afterwards. So this dynamo model is more difficult, as you can see here. Any questions so far? No? OK. So there are many ways to achieve that goal. And it can be broadly categorized into two types.

10:18 
 The first one is explicit density, and the second one is the implicit density. In the explicit density, we're going to look at two types. One is the tractable density, which it was the autoregress model. We're going to look at the variational auto-incorporation, which we looked at last time actually, which actually approximates the data, approximates the explicit density. So the trackable density, you are trying to find the explicit density that is actually computable. But in dimensional order importer, we try to approximate the real density estimation instead of actually making it And then today, we are also going to look at the implicit density approach, which is the gan, genetic regenerative model.  and this GAN was very popular before the advent of the division models.

11:15 
  division models actually fall into this variation of explicit approximate density approach. So for the autoreverse models, one you need to actually focus, one you actually need to know is the following. So what you're trying to, again, model is P of s, right? The real density estimation. That's what you're trying to get. And here, the mathematical formulation they do, the only thing they do is basically the chain rule. OK, this is the chain rule. What is the genome here? So let's say we have p of x, which is a vector, because it's high dimensional. And let's say you have n dimensional.

12:15 
 So the genome is You have n dimensional factors. And then if you remember the channel, it was you look at the first element. You generate the first element. You sample the first element. And condition on this first sample element. You sample the sample. And then you repeat. So hopefully this rings a bell. We already talked about this before, right? So just in the probability and statistics that you have learned last year, first master.

13:08 
 So by doing so, you can generate one by one, maybe one itself at a time. So this is very similar to how things are done in Because you look at one element at a time in these. or the X zone may be just the start of the token. This is maybe the start of the sentence. As you have already learned in the And then you have the first element, and then second element, and third element, and so on. So one element at a time in the And H2, basically the H basically just captures the previous probabilities or the conditional probabilities.

14:04 
 So in this case, H1 and H2 captures X1 or the X2 given X1 in this connection. And what you want to do like that, you have isplisticity. And isplisticity models is P of x with a triangle. And you just try to find the w, the parameters of the function that model p of x1, p of x2, given x1, and so on, or basically the i parameters. And then you just optimize this p of x. In this case, you want to maximize it, because it's nice to do the maximization. of the ET number, most likely estimation, maximum likelihood estimation, sorry.

15:01 
 And you just find the W to maximize this with the gradient facet in this case. So that gives us the one instance, which is the piece of RNN. Basically, you use the RNN to sequentially generate next piece of LFM, one by one. So you have previous pixels. In this case, you have two previous pixels, the one to the left, the one at the top, the one above. It doesn't have to be like this. You can start from the bottom right, and you can go this way. But by convention, you start from the upper left corner, because this is where the index of the matrices usually start with a 0. You start from here. This is by convention. And then you generate each piece of RGB value.

16:05 
 You can see that this pixel is conditioned on these two previous pixels over here, the one on the left and the one at the top. Any questions here so far? OK. So I'm going to skip some technical details. I'm just going to focus on the core concepts. The problem with this one is that during the training and during the inference, as you may have probably guessed, because if you're using RNA, it's very slow. Because it's a sequential process. You have to generate one pixel at a time, even during the training and inference. So to make the training process more efficient, we can replace the island with the CNN. And again, you still generate the image as pixels from the laptop corner.

17:01 
 The only difference is you use the CNN instead of the LSCAN to model the dependency of the current pixel on the previous pixels. So before, if you were looking at any pixel above and to the left, like this, this was the pixel you were looking at before. But now, because you're using the CNN, you place the CNN kernel like this, and then you mask away the future pixels. So now, the previous pixels they looked at is a little different, like this. That's the only difference. How you implement it is just mask away the future pieces, just like how you mask away the future tokens in the RNNs. In RNN decoders, you mask away the future words in the sentence.

18:00 
 And to generate the pixel values, just like the dpx, you have the sub2max loss or the sub2max activation function with the cross entropy loss. That's what I meant here. Sub2max loss is cross entropy loss. It's a little inaccurate how it's written over there. And the class is basically the RGB values, 0 to 255. So you have 256 classes for each color RGB. So three classification happening. And each classification you have 0 to 255 classes. So using the CNN, you can actually parallelize the training process because it's complicated.

18:57 
 During the image generation, it's still sequential though. So it's still slow during the generation, during the inference basically. So any questions on the autoregressive and generative models? Yeah, clear? So basically that's what we covered in the first half of the last week's course, last week's lecture, sorry. So now we're going to look at the second generative model, which is the V-A-E, variational ordering coordinate.

19:48 
 So that falls into-- that falls into-- So you're going to try to explicitly model the density function T of x, but approximate it with the variational inference technique. And that gives us the variational order in the order.

20:46 
 Before we talk about the variational learning quarter, there is one thing that I have to tell you, which is actually a core concept of the generative model. So what we have in the data is observed data. So we have x as the data set. So you have the data set, which consists of several data, either data. And what we're trying to model is this probability density function for each data focus. And since we are talking about a continuous domain, in this case, it's a lower case. It's a density function.

21:45 
 It's not a probability mass function. But we should know the difference between mass function and density function. Remember the probability of this statistic for us. So this x1, xn, all this is observable or observed data. So this is what we see. And let's say we are looking at face, human faces, face images. And given a lot of human face images, you want to actually have the understanding of how human faces are constructed.

22:45 
 How it looks and how it looks different. Why is it different? So to explain why the human face looks different, what we have to know. But is DNA visible to you at all? No. You actually have to take some cells from your tongue or something, and then you have to use microstock. And then you may see some DNA sequences, ATCG, some sequences of the-- sequences of the-- But that's not visible here. It's not observable. It is from the data we have. But even if you have DNA sequences, you do not have the connections. You do not know the connections between the DNA sequences all the way to the base because you do not know how the protein opens, how the protein sequences are actually made from the DNA.

23:42 
 You have to know the RNA sequences, all that, which is still not fully understandable right now. But to be able to generate a new face that actually makes sense Ideally, you may have to know the DNA sequences, right? If the human face has to make sense. Well, of course, you're not going to go all the way down there. You may stop at the shape of eyes, the location of eyes, the size of eyes, and whatnot. But still, you cannot really get rigorous mathematical model of the human faces just from the human data S, the face images data S. So the factors that actually explain the structure of a human thesis are unknown. It's hidden.

24:39 
 So that's what we're going to call the latent features. You can call it hidden features, latent features, and whatnot. And measuring a bell is kind of similar to the hidden layers that you have in the neural networks. But once you have actually-- you can actually extract these hidden latent features that explain human-based data structure from the DT of X-- from the-- sorry, not from the DT of X-- from the input data, you extract it. then you can actually model the P of X.

25:37 
 You can actually sample on your base So I'm not saying that this is known. This is all known, but you can find P of X. And to find P of X, you would have to know H, the hidden major feature vectors. Any questions so far? Sometimes we use z. In this case, we use z in this case. But you can use the other way. So what you want to find is a function that goes from z to x. And you want to find the density distribution over the z.

26:37 
 So once you have the T of z, then you can map the T of x if you know the mapping function from z to x. That's what you want to do. So if you want to generate a new image, a human face image, and you want to control the variable, then you have to know this z. So once you have z, that actually gives the face attributes that you want. Then you just fit that into this function f, which in this case, and then generate the x human face images. But this is problematic. Why? We do not have access to Z. We do not have the data where Z is because it is hidden. We do not know. So what do you do?

27:37 
 You have to extract it from the data. So in other words, you have to come up with a model that's hidden features from the data. So that goes from X to Z. And let's call that F. Did you guys learn the auto-encoder from the first semester last year? No? OK. So that's OK. So you can see now we have two models.

28:38 
 One that maps the visible data into hidden data, hidden features. And another model that goes back from the hidden features to the real observer code data. And you're going to try to train this f and g without the labels that you have. You do not have the labels because these are all x. You only have x. But your goal with the f and g, you're trying to reconstruct the x. So you can see that the input data itself is going to act as the graph. And this is going to be prediction across the equation. So we are going to use the NSE here. It's a regression problem now. On some lines. Because you do not have a label.

29:37 
 But if you give the data itself, it's going to act as a label. And you have something similar in the language. When you talk about words, it actually tries to find the missing words in the sentences. Same thing. So the app here that encodes the encoded features from the input data is called Encoder. I have no idea what he's saying.

30:40 
 That's called e-corner. And G over here, that decodes from the DNA sequence all the way-- that decodes the DNA sequence and gives all that biological reaction and gives the human face appearance that's before. And together, f and g, they auto-encode x to the x-th sum. And that's why we get a data called auto-encoder. The input is x.

31:40 
 The label is x. The reason why we do this, in addition to very strong auto-encoder, is trying to find this latent space. that explain how the human face actually looks like when y. But then the variational autoencoder is not actually one type of autoencoder. Autoencoder is trying to mark meaningful representation of z without considering that it may not generate. Because the autoencoder does not generate. he actually only learns his meaningful features. And to learn meaningful features, you have to compress it. If you do not compress it, and say this dimension is as large as the original data into data, then what you're doing is you're just memorizing it.

32:39 
 You're not learning anything meaningful. So usually, this Z is bottom. Just like how you had bottom and you need the rest. You're trying to compress it. or that the resonance are different from the resonance. So you want to compress it. So I have updated this slide because of the small inequality mistake that we had before. Usually, what you want to have is undercomplete. Although, there are some cases where the overcomplete is designed. But you don't have to worry about it right now. This is outside of the scope of this course. But for now, we want the dimension of h, the hidden vectors, or z. We want it to be smaller than the input data.

33:26 
 So this basically summarizes what we have written in the beginning of this slide But just compressing this dimension in the hidden space is not enough, visually. If you have equal and equal and equal and equal, it's not enough. So you can actually memorize the data. And memorizing it is-- what is it? All fitting. What kind of fitting is it? All fitting, right? As you remember in the last year, for second semester. And when you have all fitting, what do you do? regularization. So we are going to talk about two regularization for this, which is introducing some noise into the input data that is imported. So it does not get the impact, clean data. It looks at noisy data.

34:25 
 And what he's trying to learn now is to remove those noises by recovering the important features. So he's forced to find important latent features in the latent space. And the ground truth, of course, is going to be clean image, because he's trying to recover the clean image by filling up these gaps that you may have in the noises. The only way of introducing this regularization is masking away a large portion of the pixels. Okay, so that gives us the masked auto-recorders. This is published by one of the main authors for ResNet, by the way. So how many pieces does it mask away? This much. More than 90%, right? And it's trying to recover the missing pieces, and you can see that it actually does so.

35:27 
 And this is basically the same as BERT. Same as BERT. So this is the image counterpart of BERT. Because what it does in BERT is that it masks away many words of the sentences, and you train the model to actually predict those missing words. So usually in auto-encoders, we're not talking about degenerate models, just auto-encoders, once you have trained this latent feature in C, while you're doing the downstream task, you train a new classifier on top of it, assuming that you learn meaningful features in this latent space C.

36:25 
 So this is now-- Transform learning, right? One instance of transform learning. But in contrast to the transform learning that you have learned in the beginning of this course, where you have actually trained a scopized model on the image map, in this case, it's unscopized. You do not need labels. So let's go back to that So in all importance, what you were interested in was this part, the encoder part.

37:16 
 So once you have trained the unencoder well and read the autoencoder, then you can use the Z, the minity features, and apply some classifier on top of it and perform some classification or regressor on top of it and perform some regression. Considering that we have extracted some minity features out of it. But in version autoencoder, what do you want to do? In variational order encoders, you want to generate. You want to generate. So what you were actually interested in is this. You want to sample Z and feed that into the decoder and generate a nuance. So that's actually the difference between the original encoder and the variational order encoder. Order encoder is not generated models. Variational order encoders are generated models.

38:17 
 And if you go to some people in the dim light area and say that variational order importers are basically order importers, and they're going to make fun of you. It is not. But the reason why I'm connecting the dots here is it's kind of easier to explain. But do not think that the variational order importers are order importers. you want to generate with the four operational inputs because, if you remember, you can't generate the models. After that, it's all a match. The variational myth basically is that you want to find the function that opposite the real function, and you have to want to model. But the real function is too complicated to your estimated, the simple function. And usually, if it's a probability distribution, you use Gaussian or a mixture of Gaussians or a combination of Gaussians to explain a more complicated function. OK?

39:28 
 After that, it's all math, I think. So in contrast to the autoencoder, you sample X, you sample Z. So you have two sampling happening here. Each with the conditional power distribution. Even during the sampling, even during the training, you have some sampling process going on. So let's go back, let's go to this slide 75. So at the ending corner, you encode the x into the hidden space, which is z. So you have model the excalciation, distribution of z as a Gaussian. So you have the mean. and the standard deviation, right? You use this to model the Gaussian distribution over the z.

40:24 
 So you have MOP that generates this mean and standard deviation. So the output of the MOP or the-- so any that you have for the The output is the mean and standard deviation. for the variance. Then you construct the Gaussian distribution, and then you sample from it. And once you sample dZ, you feed that into the decoder, which also generates the mean and variance for the Gaussian distribution. And we construct the Gaussian distribution again. Then you sample dS, and that's going to be your prediction for the original input data. So you have the MC. connects these two.

41:15 
 But then during the training, if you have a sampling process that combines the generated output of the models, you cannot differentiate through the sampling process. So you have a problem. So what you did was that we talked about the reparameterization trick. Basically, instead of actually constructing the distribution with the generated means and variance, or sigma, we're going to isolate this sampling process to another Gaussian distribution, which is going to be just standard Gaussian distribution.

41:57 
 So you actually have isolated the Gaussian So you have isolated the central process over here and now you don't have to actually use this to construct the Gaussian distribution and central process And you can see that the differentiation can happen easily because it's just plots Just a small mistake over here. If this notation is a little confusing, you can think of this as epsilon, but it just basically means that what kind of variable you're signing. It's not that significant. So this diagram basically shows what's going on.

42:56 
 This blue circle basically represents where the sampling process occurs. Here you can see that the sampling process blocks the computational graph. The gradient stops here. It cannot continue. But what you want to do, you want to complete the gradients of the importer. such that you can update this by the encoder primaries but it's not possible anymore because of the sampling process so what we did was that we tried to isolate the sampling process into somewhere else which is the ASMA standard Gaussian distribution and then you still model the same distribution but you have isolated into the independent Gaussian distribution Why was this possible? By basically using the properties of the option.

43:46 
 If you want to model the-- Gaussian distribution that has the mean the mu as the mean and sigma squared as the variance from the standard Gaussian distribution What you do is step, what you do? You scale it according to the sigma. And then you move it by the unit. And you get exactly the same thing. And that's what you're doing over here. You scale it, and you save it. You start with the Gaussian distribution, you scale it, and you move it. And that's the property of the Gaussian distribution you have learned in the second year, first semester. So they basically summarize this, what we covered. last week within one hour.

44:48 
 Any questions? Of course, I skipped a lot of mathematical details, and you still have to know that. But it's easy to just follow the slides, and you shouldn't have any problem. And also, at the same time today, I gave a different perspective on this, such that this is not a waste of time for people who have alternative class muscles. So hopefully this kind of helps you understand the contents better. Any questions? So if you have no question, let's just continue for 30 more minutes.

45:51 
 So now, what we are going to do, we're going to move on to the next generator model, which is GAN. So that brings us to this part in the taxonomy. So now you're going to look at a model that implicitly models the density function, which are pure lines. And you're going to do it directly. The other categories you don't really have to worry about is not mainstream anymore. But later on when you look at some more papers, you may actually hear about the NCNC microchain, multi-column microchain, and whatnot. But you don't have to worry about it.

46:49 
 This is the outside of this course, outside of this global discourse. OK, so let's move on to the GAN, the national data diversion methods.  the name actually suggests what it actually does.  but in the end, what it's trying to do is the same as before.  it's trying to model the real data distribution density, given the visible data, observable data, which is X. Again, it's going to try to model that distribution over Z. So we need to do that two general models so far-- autoregressive and variational. We're going to skip the pros and cons. So the red one is the cons and the green one is the pros.

47:45 
 And before we talk about the general began, we can also try to combine these two models such that we only get the best of two models. So you actually may actually combine this V and E and autoregressive which gives us the vector quantization for a V. And that kind of makes this very similar to how the LLM, or a negative model actually works, the GPT activity works. So by doing so, it was able to generate high quality images six years ago. Or since it was published in 2019, it is seven years ago.

48:37 
 So this is a very high resolution image, and 24 by 1024, realistic image, but a new face that has never existed before. Now let's talk about the generative adversarial network. So the motivation is you want to start from the standard unique Gaussian. So just like with the V and E, we are-- we sample from the standard Gaussian distribution, the lowest standard Gaussian distribution. You want to start from there as well. And you want to train this genetic model that maps this standard Gaussian distribution into the more complex, realistic data distribution.

49:45 
 So this genic model in the beginning, it kind of looks like the core that you have in the V8. And the core idea for GAN is basically, instead of explicitly modeling this P of X, what we are going to do, we're going to try a separate network, which kind of looks like a classifier, which is actually classifying, that discriminates the real images that you actually have in the data set from the generated images of your model. Then you're going to train the net generation model, this generator, to fool this classifier that classifies as real versus fake. The fake generated by generator model. And if you are able to fool this binary classifier, then the generator is generating real-based data.

50:50 
 So what this discriminator, or the classifier, is doing is trying to find this boundary, this distribution boundary, that distinguishes real and fake. So outside of this distribution boundary is fake. Inside of it is real. So it goes back to that classification we talked about. This is the model. So using this-- and so this is a very interesting idea, because we talked about how learning a classifier is much easier. So why not just use that to guide the training of the generative model?

51:43 
 And this is a very simple binary classification, real versus And this decision model is basically acting as the medical, right? The boundary of the medical. And this is why it's called adversarial, because you're trying to train the generative model to pull the discriminator. Questions?

52:49 
 Or the idea is very simple. The training techniques are very complicated because of the unstable nature of this process. Because you have two opposite forces. One who is trying to classify a real versus fake robustly. The other one is trying to pull that. Two opposite forces. So at the beginning, the generative model is not trained at all. It's going to give very unrealistic data. In this case, what you're trying to do, you're trying to counterfeit the money, basically, the dollars. So at the beginning, the generative model is not really trainable. So it's very easy to treat it discriminatingly, very good classifier, to distinguish the two.

53:48 
 And the discriminator is going to give a guidance as to how to train the determinator to pull that discriminator. The discriminator is acting as a guide to pull itself, to get pulled, basically. Ironically. So on the left, it's just showing the distribution. You don't really have to worry about it. You don't have to worry about it. So the discriminator line here is basically showing the kind of the threshold classification disembodied. But in the binary sense, it goes back to the second semester last year when we talked about the very first climate classification. But you don't really have to worry about it too much.

54:43 
 But once you train the generator to pull that discriminator, you can see that it's trying to get some kind of shape. And as the training goes on, what you want to have is generator generating exactly the same copy and pulling the discriminator. And saying that discriminator is always-- both of them are true or both of them are false. But usually, if the discriminator is really trained very well, and the trainer generally can fool that well-trained discriminator, the discriminator output should be real and real. It's supposed to be fake and real. And the mathematics are not that difficult either. It goes back to the gate field that you may have heard of before. So it's actually minimax objective function. So let's look at the discriminator first.

55:42 
 Discriminator distinguishes either fake or real images. In this case, it's a real image. So x is real. because in this case, x is real because it's sampled from the real data distribution. And of course, you want the probability assigned to that real data to be high when it's real. So that's max. But if it gets the fake data-- so this is the fake data. Do not worry about the G right now. This is the fake data that has been fed into the discriminator. So second class, OK?

56:35 
 So class 0 or 1, you're fitting in the class In this case, I think the label should be 0. So when it's real, the label should be 1. When it's fake, it should be 0. And then you also maximize this term.

57:34 
 So basically, this is actually the opposite of the 5-megaprocent of the loss. Before, you had a negative. Here, you don't have the negative. That's the only difference. You can also convert it into minimization problem which we are going to look at later on. But in this case we are just trying to combine two objectives into one. That's why we have minimax instead of the two minimals. Two minimization problems. Any questions so far? No? OK. So this training process for this is just biome classification. The biome cross entropy has a loss function, or the output of it. Now you have the generator. The generator only takes part in the second data, right?

58:31 
 Because you need to generate the data. But in this case, it's just real data. It's independent of the generator. So you can just forget about that one. So you don't have to worry about the first part. And you see that the generator now has the minimization problem. And what it does is try to minimize this objective function. In the discriminator, it was trying to maximize this. Now it's trying to minimize that. So in this case, the label will be flipped. Now the label should be 1 instead of 0. Because you want the generator to make discriminator predicted as the real.

59:29 
 So you want to label it as one. Maybe you want to make some of the fake labels if you want. But in the end, it's just saying the ground truth should be one for the discriminator, because you want the generator to pull the discriminator to think that they're celebrating a real. So let's look at the code, actually, the PyTorch code. So first, you define a discriminator. This is very simple. Let's say some two polymythin layers would be relevant in between. And since this is binary classification, you have to see one. So you have to see one over there. And then you have the generator. Again, just a few different containers with the rather equation in between.

01:00:29 
 And you can see that we are trying to use similar structure. Then you use the-- you're going to define a binary cost entropy loss function. So you can see that it was the very-- it was the negation of the previous object function we used. Then you have two optimizers, one for generator and one for discriminator. Next, you train the discriminator.

01:01:24 
 So you can see that for real For real image, the label is 1. So for real data, For real data, the label is 1. So for real data, the label is 1. For fake data, which is the g of z, the label should be 0. 0 meaning fake, 1 meaning real.

01:02:23 
 And when you want to change the generator, you just split the label for the fake data, for the generated data, as I said before. Any questions so far? So it's exactly the same as the diagram that we showed, but then the only difference is that in the diagram we showed the negation of the binomial cross-centric loss. In this case, we were just using the standard binomial cross-centric loss. But in this case, it's not Vmax. The real thing is just all of them are V-mitation, or discriminant in general.

01:03:19 
 So you can always see that the theories and practice always have some kind of gap. How you actually implement it, how you actually show the paper is always a bit different. But in this case, it's just negligible. So the original objective function for GAN, you have the median x-objective function, as I said before. So you have two alternations. You alternate between the gradient descent on the discriminator on this negation of the profile macrosyntropy and gradient descent on the generator. Or in this case, two gradient descents by flipping that label.

01:04:19 
 Can I ask in Korean? The G-factor is the first one to come back to the first. If this is 1, you're saying? So for a generator, you want to minimize this objective function as much as you can. So by trying to make this 1, this becomes infinity negative, which is what you want for a generator. ideally. Makes sense?

01:05:15 
 But for this discriminator, you want to maximize this object function, since you have written over here. So in this case, you want this to be close to 0. In that, it's trying to learn that the output of generalization is there. But for generator, you want to minimize it by putting the discriminator into thinking that the output of the generator is greater. Any other questions? So the more negative the better for at least generator from the perspective of generator. And again, a gap between the theories and practice.

01:06:07 
 In practice, optimizing this generator objective, the one on the bottom over here, does not really work well. To show that, what you usually do, you just clap loss function and see what it looks like. So in one-dimensional case, this is what you have over here. There's always one thing you should know. So on the x-axis, you have the output of discriminator conditioned on the output of the generator. On the y-axis, you have the operator function log of d1 minus d of g of x. Can you notice some problems? You look at two regions, 1 and 2. As you go towards the left-- What's happening? The gradient is almost zero.

01:07:06 
 And you say what you want, or no? By the way, you're training on generating. As you go towards the left, is generating doing better or worse? Is it doing worse or better? So, answer the question, what do you want the output of the discriminator to be when you're training the generator? You want the output to be? 1 or 0? 1 or 0? 1. Because you want to pull the discriminator into thinking that it's real when you're training the generator. So as you go towards the knot, you are doing it worse. So as you do it worse, you want the gradient to be higher or lower? You want the slope of the loss function to be higher or lower?

01:08:08 
 What is the gradient? Gradient is the guidance as to what you need to do during the training. As you perform worse, you want the gradient to be This goes back to the second semester in the second year, where I asked the same question, where we talked about percent of the loss function. As you go towards the left, you're doing worse. If you're doing worse, you want gradient to be Oh my god, it's higher. But then, the gradient is getting lower. And at the same time, as you go towards the right, you're doing it better. But, the gradient is not becoming smaller, but it's actually getting higher.

01:09:07 
 So, this loss function is not actually meeting the requirements that we want to have. To solve that, we're going to change the objective function for generator a little bit. For gradient-- for discriminator, it's the same as before. You have the same objective function. For generator, you're going to change the objective function as follows. So we're going to remove the 1 minus. So instead of gradient descent of d1 minus e of g, you're going to perform gradient ascent on the d of g.

01:10:04 
 Because as it gets higher, 1 minus of this one gets lower. And by doing so, the loss function, objective function at least, looks as if Any questions so far? We got two more slices before we take a break.

01:10:59 
 Since you are automating between the two, you can also decide the number of updates that you want to do before you go to the different model. So for this familiar update, you may want to perform gradient descent like k number of times before you move on to the generator gradient descent. To prepare the batch, you may prepare Put one half as these synthetic samples, one half as real samples, and then you concatenate them and put them into the discriminator, because you want to have the balance between the real and fake. If there's a lot of real, you can just repeat, and then it's indelicous. And you have learned about the problems with the class indelicous in the last semester, right?

01:12:01 
 Usually, you may want to update the discriminator more than generator because discriminator has to be Reasonable, because he has to give a guidance to the generator. Because if you remember, generator always gets the gradient from discriminator. So the quality of the gradient really depends on the discriminator. That's why you update the discriminator a few times before you update the generator. But if discriminator is too powerful, then the generator is not going to be able to learn too much. That's why you need a good balance between them two, and that's the difficulty. The training is very unstable if you do not know some training techniques about DGAP. And for generator, you update it once while this training is updated.

01:13:01 
 So this is the pseudo code taken from the paper itself. But in the end, what you see is the same as before. This is the objective function you saw before. This, for the discriminator, is the objective function or really gradient, of course, you saw in the general. This is before fixing it for the practice, for the practical issues. Again, there's no best rule for decay. This is hyperparameter that you may have to tune. And it's very unstable. And later on, some people have designed a better version of GAN where the unstable problem is reduced, but still is there. OK?

01:13:59 
 I think we can take a break here for 10 minutes and go back. here, so minimizes the distance between the real data and one of the model distribution. So JST is the Stasis Distribution. It's just one of the ways to measure the distance between two distributions. It's not as simple as comparing the distance between two points. It's not. Because you're talking about distributions, right? Two distributions. So it minimizes the JSD between two distributions. The real data distribution and the generated data distribution.

01:14:59 
 So let's try to kind of divide that to some extent. This is the original minimax objective function we have. This is just rewriting it, where the only difference is over here, where x is now sampled from the generator distribution. Instead of using the z, g of z, you say that x is sampled from the generator distribution. which is summarizing and converting. This is basically showing the Next, we use the definition of the expectation in the continuous space. The expectation over f of x on the distribution from t of x.

01:15:57 
 This is the expectation, how it is computed. So you can see now why we have rewritten z as the sampling from the T of t, because we can put that into same integration. and you can move the max all over discriminator inside each information and then Next, we're going to color code the terms as follows.

01:16:56 
 The reason why we color code this like this is because we're going to use the Pauline formula. And once you have this formula, or this term, this expression, when you take the derivative of this, it's just derivative of the log-radius. So you have the Pauline. And then you can find the local max at when this derivative is equal to 0. And that gives us y equal to a over a plus b. And since you're trying to do the max multiplication, you can compute the max. So just a simple maximizing approach.

01:17:48 
 And what you get for the ultimate discriminator that maximizes this term is the a over a plus b, where a was the p data and b was pg. So now the ultimate discriminator will have p data of x over p data of x plus pg of x. So you can see that if x is coming from pg, the d discriminator will give 0. But if the s is coming from p data, then you need to give 1. Because p data of x would be 1, pg of x would be 0. So that's the ultimate discriminator. Any questions so far on the math class? No?

01:18:56 
 So now you plug that into the-- plug this ultimate discrimination to this maximization function because that's the solution. So you no longer have to maximize. and try to find the optimal generator once you have the optimal discriminator. This is the theories. It's not-- in practice, where you have the ultimate, you find the discriminator optimal first and then So this is the result of plugging the ultimate discriminator into the integration. OK? So you just move that into the top. And we're going to do the inversion of the integration or the expectation, okay?

01:19:52 
 So before it was the expectation to the integration, now it's back to the expectation, okay? And then what you're going to do, you're going to multiply 1 on both two terms, which is going to be multiplied by 2, which is basically 1. And they don't see why that's the case. They don't want. And then this 2 multiplication will stay in the log with the other terms. The division will be separated to separate log. So that gives us negative log 4 for these two division by 2 in the log. And the 2 multiplication will stay here like this.

01:20:55 
 So simple manipulation of mathematics. And let's move that to the top. And that is going to basically give us the sum distance between two distributions. And then we refer to sum distance metric between two distributions, which is the KL-static versions. We shorten this as KL. Again, it's just one of the ways-- one of the metrics, distance metrics between two distributions. And you're going to see how this is not complicated. And if you switch the order of two distributions, the term is not going to be the same. The value is not going to be the same.

01:21:54 
 I think we covered this in the variation of the program. So using this expression, you can see that it's kind of similar to what we have above, division by two distributions. You have the p data at the top, and then the remaining is the q of x. So it's colorful at the same time. And you have two K-divergence, basically. One on the left, one on the right. Questions so far? So let's remove that code for it.

01:22:51 
 And that brings us, combining these two k divergence gives us the JSD, the Jensen Shannon divergence. Again, another way of computing the distance. In this case, now it's coming here. So changing the overall P and Q gives the same result. As you can see in the mathematics, it's very easy to check that this is prompted. So you have pdata as a p and pg as q. And that gives us the jst between the pdata and qt with the some negative constant, negative log of r, which is constant. So each can be removed in the image crop. Same thing for the two multiplication.

01:23:47 
 So the global minimum happens when p data is equal to pg in the JST minimization. So we have proven, theoretically, that this minimized object function is optimized. It's optimized ideally. It gives us generator distribution equal to the real data distribution. Although, it never is explicitly modeled It was indirectly modeled by this unit. By the way, this was not from the textbook. This was from the paper. It's one of the papers that you see in the AI conferences. And so this basically kind of illustrates how-- it's not always about showing good results. It's also about explaining why.

01:24:48 
 Just like how you are more interested in lectures where the professors talk about why this works, why this matters. Same thing for the papers, same thing for the presentation. You have to talk about why you're proposing that purpose, not just about I'm getting the best So, summarization, the optimal discriminator is--oh, sorry, this case is--yeah? Yeah, sorry, this is discriminator. Always making simple mistakes. Wait, sorry, wait. Am I making this?

01:25:49 
 So just checking the consistencies in the rotation.  oh, sorry.  so it's a consist.  so dg, ok.  that's ok.  so no errors on this side.  sometimes I get confused.  so again, so this is OK.  optimal discriminator, d, given the generator, is the following, right? d data of x divided by d data of x plus dg. Again, I explain why this works. Because when the p data-- when the x is coming from real data, p data x will be 1, pg of x will be 0. So give it the discriminator label, the output, s1. If the x is coming from the generator, then pg of x will be 1, p data of x will be 0, i0. So you get the 0 s output.

01:26:47 
 And optimally, when you get the optimal solution for the mean mass of the objective function, the P of x should be equal to P theta of x, which is the goal that we want to achieve. And if you remember the beginning of this lecture. The caveats are G and D are modeled usually as neural networks with the fixed architecture. So we don't know that if the optimal D and G can be represented with the given neural networks, of course. But if you remember, neural networks are universal functional cross-linked networks, if you remember in the last semester. So most likely, you would be able to represent the optimal D and G, but not quite. Exactly. But close it. Of course they can. And also, it does not tell us about the convergence to that optimal solution.

01:27:46 
 If it's ideal, then you cannot cheat it, but then it's an ideal case that you're talking about. In practice, it doesn't matter. It never happens. Assuming that the objective function does not give us a good quality for the gradients. So this is ideal. The idea is originally ideal, but it's not-- it doesn't guarantee that it's going to work in practice. But at least it gives us some explanation as to why this works. And usually, in the years conference, one of the conferences, if you do not give enough explanations, no matter how good the results are, it's most likely that your paper is going to be rejected. Because it doesn't have the explanation. So hopefully, in your assignment, do not just post about your performance, or so try to explain why that works.

01:28:47 
 So as I said before, it means that the idea is very simple. The formulation is also quite simple, at least from my perspective. But then, as I said before, it's very unstable because it's mini x-alternative function. You have two opposing forces making training unstable. So you may not converge, you may also get more collapse, which we were going to talk about later on. And also diminished gradients, so very much greater problem. Then you have same thing, and the long, huge network. And the generator is going to be in an unbalance, causing the overfitting or underfitting. And hyperparameter sensitivity, which was a very huge problem back in the days. So the method is not really a non-convergence problem. So it's one of the largest problems you can get.

01:29:43 
 Because you have the simultaneous gradient descent of two players opposing against each other, as I said before. Because downhill, move forward one player, you may-- you will push the other player up here, right? So train the discriminator and update the parameters. We make the generator gradient descent, not descent. You want to do gradient descent, but then So this is the general problem with the game that we need to get. And this is why game theory is also one of the important elements in economics. Economics, when you have stock market, it's all about when you sell your stocks and who buys them.

01:30:37 
 Each person, each agent is trying to maximize their reward, their money. And maximizing one money will make other people lose some money. But in here, you have the guarantee for convergence when you practice is not, right? Because you're updating in the primary space, not in the function space. And in the primary space, it's not convex. And I don't know if you guys learned about the convex optimization. In convex optimization, you have the guarantee for convergence, but in non-convex, it's not. So there's no such guarantee. If you do not know about the convex optimization, don't worry about it. It used to be a great useful course. I don't think anymore since the era of AI.

01:31:36 
 Anyways, in practice, because of these two opposing forces, you have two consequences. One is the oscillation. So what does oscillation mean? It generates one type of data at a time. It does not generate diverse types of data. It generates only one type of data. For example, a photo of a man with glasses on. And next, after some training iterations, it generates only a woman with the ear plug-in. And so on. And most glasses basically generate only one category of data all the time. OK, so this shows the illustration of the multicollapse and the oscillation in the scene. So at the top, you have the ideal case where there's no multicollapse and generally diverse types of data.

01:32:33 
 But on the bottom, you only generate one type of data. So as you go to the right, is the result of the images as the training goes on. So on the left, you have the beginning of the training. On the right, you have the final training But no matter how the training proceeds, you only generate one type of data. which is kind of close to 6. So that's mode collapse. To remember the name better, whenever you have a peak in the distribution, this is called mode.

01:33:28 
 And if you want to generate multiple types of data, you want to have a lot of points. You want to assign high probabilities to each realistic data. If you remember at the beginning of the generative model of vector splines, each realistic data fights for the probability mass. But if you have mode collapse, so collapse is basically collapsing into one. Meaning that you only have one mode, sharp one mode. Then you only generate one. That's why it's called one-colors. So ideally, you want to have multiple nodes like this for each class, for each type of data. But one-colors only focuses on the one height of the region. Hopefully that makes sense. So this helps you remember better what this one-colors means.

01:34:27 
 And why it has all? Because you want to generate micros data. So this is another illustration or visualization of the watercolor problem. You can see that it generates multiple instances of the same object without no differences in the visual. So if you have multiple modes, it's basically a mixture of captions. Each caption represents one mode. But then if it's a mode class, then it's just a single distribution. Your model is too simple. Any questions here so far?

01:35:28 
 No? Everything good? So for those of you who missed the last lecture, just let me know. So for those of you who missed the last lecture, just let me know if anything is confusing from the two last lectures from last week. So how to fix this multi-class problem? You have some integral fixes. Again, adding some regularization. So whenever you think that there is some problem with the performance in generalization, training is very-- training goes very well, but then the difference is not that good. It's overpaying. So regularization. Is that--inverting some noise perturbation is again regularization.

01:36:17 
 And for more practical tips, we have open source link that kind of summarizes the recent work, the techniques that have been developed over the last few years. By the way, this person is one of the main developers for PyTorch. And-- Unfortunately, ever since two years ago, not many people are interested in GANs anymore. Funny thing is, when I first took this course, the GAN was just a mini-topic. But now, it's just one of the historical models that you have to learn.

01:37:10 
 And that happened only after five or seven years after the gang came out, which is very fast when you think about it. I'm just thinking, trying to speculate how long the division is going to survive. And I think it's going to be replaced very soon. Because there's another term tomorrow that's coming up. And I have to update this slide again. I don't know how often do I feel they displace. OK. So you can see a burst of GAN neighbors ever since the 2014 years. There's so many of them.

01:38:07 
 And I'm not going to ask you to memorize this diagram, of course, these names, of course. Always remember the concepts. Always try to understand the concepts. It's always answering the question why and how. And then So first improvement that you can do is the SA gas So you may gas from the just adding some And why does that matter? Because you can easily increase the receptive field to And that means you can generate more high resolution images with more high quality. So just different techniques in the SATM papers. First one was the depth and convolution, increase the depth, and so on. And let's take a look at those details a little bit.

01:39:09 
 I'm not going to ask you to memorize the order of these ideas again, but try to understand what gives the improvements in blind. So as the difficulty of generating more complex images increases, you may need more of that and more convolutional force, as you remember. So originally, the original 2014 GAN paper, they didn't use convolution. They used MLP. And they just replaced the MLP with the convolution in DC GAN paper, and they were able to do better in terms of image generation. It kind of makes sense, of course. And again, the generator and disk command, both of them are convolutional neural networks in the DC game. And SA again kind of used this idea, of course.

01:40:09 
 But there's more to it, of course, in the techniques. And these techniques are the ones that make a difference. Before they applied these techniques, it didn't work at all. But after applying these techniques, it kind of works. So you can see that in your assignments or any field you go into, to increase-- to make it work, the ideas may not change much. But these empirical techniques may never run. So we need that. We need a lot of experience with playing around with the networks. So replacing any cooling linear, we just strike a convolution for a discrete linear and fraction strike a convolution for a generator. Just like with dis-explanation. Why remove the pooling layer? Because pooling layer removes the information. You lose the information with the pooling.

01:41:09 
 So to recover that, we used monobow pooling just based on information. They used the batch normalization in both generator and disk combinator and tried to remove all the polychromic layers if possible. In general, they used ReLU for all the layers except for the alconum here, they used the half-cone and tangent. They used Leaky ReLU in the discriminator for the all layers. Again, these training techniques you don't have to memorize, but just note that this kind of difference makes a lot of difference. This small difference in techniques makes a huge difference in performance. So by doing so, they were able to generate more high quality samples in PCM.

01:42:10 
 What they noticed in this paper, they were able to perform the arithmetic, just like how we perform the arithmetic in the word vectors. If you remember, we talked about how Italy minus-- space, because rho gives us metric, this kind of on the semantic space. You can perform the same thing on the latent vector of where the z space is just So let's say you have some samples from the mall. Each sample has corresponding z's, right?

01:43:07 
 And let's say you collect these samples that have similar latent space, or you use a lot of classification network, like VGP, and then you collect the samples that are closer to get on this space by classification. And you average that. And once you average this z values, and then you feed that average to z, e to the e to the quarter, the generator, you're going to get something similar. Let's say in this case, it's 5.0. And what you did was that you just found the big space that you face this mindless expression in the face. And that belongs to a OK? And you do something similar for neutral. And let's say you want something for neutral man, neutral expression. And you may be able to just subtract it between the smiling woman and the neutral expression. And add the neutral man. What you're going to get is smiling man. So this is the manipulation of disease.

01:44:06 
 And this is the power of modeling the latent space. You can actually control the latent space. And now it seems very much simpler, because you don't have to do this in the latent space. You do it with the words in Chajibiti. A photo of a person in Jibri's life. That's the power of connecting the images and text. So in check if you can see, Z is replaced with the words, at least from the perspective of the users. But this is still there in the details of the but you don't have to worry about that. So you can now perform the conditional distribution.

01:45:00 
 Conditional And let's say you're deploying this to make the model to the users. What you can do, once you find this z, you assign it to a word, right? But then you don't have to do it anymore for division. You just straightly put in deepness into the model. And then you can generate smudging very easily. Again, doing something similar for the other case where you have the glasses without the glasses. And you can generate the person with the glasses.

01:46:00 
 So going back to the SACN, so that was the first idea. Just getting that idea, including that in the SACN. Let's move on to the second one, which is the class conditional generation. So you would have to develop the first idea with the latent vector arithmetic. You cannot actually control the image generation. So this is where the class conditional generation conflict will play. You want to generate the object of interest that you want to generate. So the idea is use the conditional gap. So in this case, just like with the condition of VAE we talked about in the last video, you just need the extra context, which is the class label. But you cannot just fit in the words.

01:46:58 
 You have to first put it into some event, which is the word event that you have learned in the RNN and the sub-option to transform it. So for both discriminating generator, you fit in the word embedding of the classes into the generator and discriminating generator. So you can see that the only difference thing you have is this conditional part in the abstracted function as well. In the model, this is the only answer part in the conditional engine part. By doing so, doing the inference, you can control what kind of class is going to be generated. In the generator, you just sample the Z, and you fit in the class of interest, let's say, your dog. Question?

01:47:53 
 The next one is the Latashian Pyramid GAN, which is actually a recurring theme that happens all the time in general models, no matter whether it's division models, GAN, VAE, doesn't matter. It happens all the time. So the idea is very simple. The name looks very complicated. Don't worry about it. It's a pyramid of intus, the one you saw in object detection. Try to handle. In this case, you're trying to generate higher-- high quality images by sequentially generating images of lower quality first. You're generating lower quality image first. And then condition on this, just like how you condition it on the class. In this case, you're conditioning on the lower quality image and generating higher quality image.

01:48:46 
 So you can think of this as breaking the original difficult problem into subproblems, which is basically lower-reference solution equations. So this is dividing one-quarter of a bunch, and doing pro-community in the same way. Lower-poly first, then high-poly, higher-poly, and so on. And using the conditional generated model, You don't have to worry about the architecture too much. The dismember is a conditional generative model. Both generate a discriminatory condition and a lower quality Of course, at the beginning, it starts with the one condition, low quality generation and discrimination. But at the higher one, you have your condition of the low quality.

01:49:45 
 And then it's like a divided By doing so, they were able to generate all the images. And we also have something called auxiliary classifier again, just adding the classification to determine whether it's actually generating the class of interest or not. Okay? It's just additional auxiliary classifier. Because before, we only had a binary classifier, distinguishing either it's fake or real. But now, it's trying to distinguish the classes if it's class-conditional image generation. Then also you have an ensemble of classifiers and generators.

01:50:38 
 You have a group of different generators, each specialized in a set of classes, just an ensemble. Next, we have the spectral normalized again, which was the third. technique in the essay. And so we talk about the depth and the importance of using depth, more depth and the combination for more complex problems. And class conditional generation for more control generation. Next one is the specific type of normalization for the generative models, or GAN in this case. We do not use this for diffusion, but this is used in GAN.

01:51:40 
 So I'm talking about the SAEN specifically because this is kind of the one of good examples that combines all these previous findings and results from the previous GAN papers. So they use something called the spectral normalization. So the idea for spectral normalization is that you kind of regularize the eigen or singular-value spectrum of each weight matrices in the model. So just like how in batch normalization or any other normalization we talked about, it kind of normalizes the output of the layer.

01:52:35 
 But in this case, it normalizes the weight values by the singular values of the weight matrices. So by doing so, you make the training more stable because you're focusing on the important axis of the weight matrix because the singular values or the eigenvalues gives you the important directions. So this, I think, this is very often used in the gas, the spectral normalization, instead of the batch normalization. Or it can be used together with the batch normalization. So the fourth technique is the two timescale update rule, TTUR, in children. The idea is very simple.

01:53:34 
 It's just using two different learning ways for general and discriminator. I mean, this kind of makes sense, because if you remember the coding and the criteria, we only need to specify 12 measures, one for each model separately. Meaning that you have freedom to choose the for each model. We can actually improve the convergence if you actually use different schedules for the learnings as well. If you decay the generator learning rate faster than discriminator, it turns out that you get a better convergence. But more details are outside of this course, outside of the context of this course. But that was in theory. In practice, it turns out that you don't really have to do k. Sometimes it helps, sometimes it doesn't.

01:54:34 
 So using two different learning ways is sufficient. But again, if you run into more complex problems, the different learning ways can be used with major data. So here's a little bit of a tip for getting better GAN performance. You run the discriminator for several times before you train the generator. Running means the training, just like I said before. For example, you can start with the five iterations before you train the generator once. Again, the reason being is discriminator is the guidance for the generator train. So the discriminator data has to make sense to some extent before you train the generator.

01:55:37 
 So if you have a lot of the discriminator updates, then the computational graph can be large when you want to update the G. So the TTUR can lessen that disadvantage by using higher money rate for both discriminator and generator. But again, the core idea for TQR is that you use different learning ways and different learning ways schedulers for both discriminator and generator. So now finally, we move on to the final technique for SA-GaN, which is the use of self-altation for the GaN. Again, the idea is very simple, or the motivation is very simple. You want to have infinitely large receptive field.

01:56:31 
 such that it can model the relationships between the objects better and can generate higher quality images. So we already talked about how to use this application in the words-- use this application layers in the convolutional neural networks. So we're going to skip the details on how to use it. But again, the reason why we use this is for larger aesthetic feel, better understanding of the objects, interactions, and higher quality images for higher resolution. So it doesn't have to be only the images that you can generate with the GAN.

01:57:28 
 You can also generate the voice, sound, and whatnot. Or 3D operation as well. Or videos. Next important improvement we have for GAN is the WGAN, process time GAN. W is pronounced as B because it's German. But then we say the WGAN. And the gradient manipulation for W-10, we call that gradient penalty. We're not going to talk about the details. But basically, we just change the loss function to diversify loss function. And basically, that measures the distance between two distributions. And again, that's what you want to do, right? Instead of using the simple binary classifications. binary cross entropy, sorry.

01:58:30 
 But we're not going to go into more details on this. But after that WGAN introduction, we were able to get more stable training of the GAN. And also, understanding the idea of sequentially generating lower images first and lower quality images first and the higher qualities, they extend this idea further in the big gap. So the idea is very simple. So by doing so, they were able to generate very high quality images of the human faces. So they start with the single layer or a few layers to generate very low quality images. And then once the training is done, you add the second layers on the encoder and decoder to generate a discriminator, of course. And then you sequentially add the layers.

01:59:28 
 And this is actually very similar to one of the oldest deep learning models developed by Jeffrey Clinton. It was the fourth gen of machine. But you don't have to worry about the details. So this is just the animation of the big data here. So adding the sequentially and training it sequentially as well. I have a resolution with the program, the details. Because if we talk about the technical details for each improvement in GAN, it's going to take the whole semester. Next one is the psych again, which is the unpaired image to image translation.

02:00:25 
 So what you want to do is that you want to train the model to translate one type of style image into another style image, without changing the content. So it goes back to the style transfer that you may have heard about, which actually we discussed in the last semester last year. And to do so, what you have is actually two pairs of GANs. Or two GANs. So basically four models in total. You have one generator that goes from the first style to the second style. And you have another GAN that goes from the second style to the first style.

02:01:18 
 So if you have the original image x, but you don't know the corresponding counterpart in the second domain, it's OK. You use the first GAN to map x to the y, and use the second one to map again y to the x, just like the order you ordered. You do not know the ground truth for y, but we know that you have to go back to the original x if you're going from the second domain to the first domain. So basically, this is the GAN counterpart Equator is like first domain to the second domain. Equator is the second domain to the first domain. And once you go from first domain to the second domain and you go back to the first domain, the x has to be the same, right? So you can use the Yannis. But now you have to just use the Yannis to model that.

02:02:18 
 So you now have two Yannis functions. I always fail to catch these kind of small mistakes. The 44 should not be there. I don't know why it's there. No idea. So the side-transplant we talked about, trying to map one side of the gamma-scope, can be implemented by that side-cagette. Or what we can use is the adaptive distance normalization, which is what we talked about last time. So this style, or the texture, is present throughout the image, right? It's like the average. and the deviation as well.

02:03:12 
 So the mean and standard deviation kind of captures this style, the texture, that exists throughout the image. So when you subtract it and divide it, you're kind of removing that style. And once you remove the style, what's left is just content without the style. So you can add a new style by multiplying by new standard deviation and add new style mean. So that's not quality distance The new standard deviation is generated by the condition-- the model condition on this side. And media generate the human faces, realistic human faces using this idea of style transfer and the other three sources of the model. Where the style can be decomposed into the skin color, hair color, hair style, the pose, the wrinkles, the skin, whatnot.

02:04:27 
 Anyway, is basically trying to do the same thing with again. It's trying to translate the style. and it's getting some size, you go to size 111, you can go from segmentation map to the realistic image. The segmentation map can be actually considered as one type of style. So now you can actually control the image structure with the segmentation, with this style transfer. And division models, or the text condition models, was a step further. You just need the text, which is much simpler. So nowadays, when you look at some graphic designers, they use the text and segmentation map to control the making their lives simpler.

02:05:34 
 Next, we can also use the GAN to perform score resolution. So what is score resolution? It's basically you're trying to get higher quality image, the real image, from the lower quality image. So let's say you have surveillance cameras that capture a very small person in the far away. And when you zoom in, it's going to be very isolated, and it's the logo of the event. Or you want to identify the person so you can open this for resolution to recover that new face and some distant features of the person. So input is the low quality image. The output is high quality image. That's this And you can use the GAN for that. Low quality image condition GAN, just like the GAN. And you have the Similar to that. But for that GAN that we saw, it was generating new, artificial images.

02:06:33 
 But in this case, you have low quality real image. into your S-conditional information. And you're trying to generate real image, but high quality. And it's not actually as simple as it sounds, because back in the days when we didn't have the game learning that is working well, it's an idiposed problem. Because there are multiple high quality images that generate the same low quality images. And you don't know which one it is. So when you actually look at the headlights of the car and human eyes very far away, kind of useless. But very different, right? So that's the problem. But now it's-- this resolution works so well that usually, he's out of the mirror. He leaves now.

02:07:33 
 And again, as I have specified several times, or emphasized several times, we are moving towards the text-to-image generation, because it's much simpler to control the image to be worse. So now, more than ever, ever since the emergence of chat-to-pk, you have to be good at expressing what you're doing, expressing what you want. Okay, so one good example of the text-to-image models is in Italy, developed by OpenAI. So they used the VQVAE, the effective quantitation, which we are not going to talk in details. But we will discuss what it is.

02:08:30 
 And then this autoregress model combined with the VAAE, as I said in the beginning of this lecture slide. And they used the transport model. Okay, and then just like how we condition the image on the class, it's conditioned on the text. Okay, so the text-to-image models, either that is GAN or VAD, it is the encoder and deep encoder, or generators and discriminators, are conditioned on the text-to-image information, which is the text. So before, it was just the class events. Where was it? Where was it? So before it was class embedding the class condition GAT or VAD.

02:09:30 
 You replace it with the text where you embed it. Where you embed it is like a promise. which gives us this. So during training, what do you have? You have a lot of images in the internet with the captions. So you can really acquire this image caption there easily in a large scale. So what is vector quantization in the V cube N that I mentioned several times, or V cube VE? Basically what you're doing is that you're discretizing the feature space in the So you have the in-quarter and in-quarter.

02:10:30 
 In the later space, you have continuous values. So now you're quantizing it into finite set of values. It's just clustering. You can think of it as clustering. Why? In 2020s, the NLP started to work very well. The energy models for it, GPT, whatnot. And what they do is that they perform autoregressive modeling with the quantized or discrete quotients. Because languages in nature are discrete. It's just finite words, finite letters. So they were trying to mimic what's happening in the NLP. Quantized tokens. So they were quantizing the latent feature vectors. And then they used the transformer to model the auto-regressive generation.

02:11:24 
 So they were trying to mimic, trying to imitate what's happening in NLP. which was discrete tokens. So quantitation, greater quantitation. So quantized vectors are basically discrete tokens. And what was that? Auto-regressive modeling with the transformers, right? So back in the days, auto-reverse modeling had been done very long with the discrete numbers.

02:12:18 
 But then ResNet offered recently this year, recently came up with the idea of auto-reverse modeling of the pixels or the continuous space without discrete But back in the days, they were trying to what's happening. So that is it for GAN. So near the end of the GAN slice, there was a lot of technical details. So do not worry about that too much. But just try to focus on the core ideas of GANs and why that works. So this is it for today.

02:13:35 
 *Gasps Okay. Thank you.

02:14:44 
 Thank you.

