00:02 
On the RMM. Never mind. Anyways, so when we first started talking about NLP or trying to model the natural language, we talk about different types of tasks one is one -to -one, one -to -many, many -to -one, many -to -many, and another many -to -many so for one -to -many, one good example would be image captioning you take one image and generate multiple sentences or words to describe what's happening inside the image Then you have the meant one, which you take the whole sentence and you try to classify the sentiment that exists within the sentence. 

01:07 
Then you have many -to -many, which is basically taking multiple words and sentences and output many words and sentences again. One of the examples in Russian translation, we have 20 years trying to translate one language to the other. Another example of many -to -many is you try to output something right away for each token or frame, or not. And we dive into the details of the many -to -many here, which is basically a sequence -to -sequence. 

01:57 
So the first type of many -to -many, which is a sequence -to -sequence, you take the whole sentences, and then you do something else about it, then there are the different words. And here, this is when we started talking about the context. And we broke down the whole system into two parts, which are-- do you guys have questions over there? Questions? We broke that down into two parts. First one being the quarter, the second one being the quarter. And we took that same task type from the perspective of the transformer. The transformer consists of the overall transformer, encoder and decoder, consisting of encoders and decoders. 

02:56 
The encoder tries to encode all the representation of the or input sequences. and then we try to propagate the information to the decoders where you try to open something and you use cross -obtention for that, right? The new rule was the transformer architecture for that, right? So in the decoder you have only step -obtention with the fully connected neural signal language, of course, and the key connections. And then in the decoder you have this cross -obtention as well to propagate the information from the decoder to the decoder. And then they have to mask attention, mask self -attention, basically, to prevent the model from seeing the piece of words and only in the right time. So depending on how they use the encoders and decoders in overall transform architecture, you have different variants of the elements. 

03:53 
So if they use both encoder and decoders to model the language representation and also to predict something, we have plan T5, or usually called T5, and we sort. We should be doing that much. And then we talked about the encoders -only transformer and decoders -only transformer. VARC is one good example of the encoder -only transformer, and GPT is one famous example of decoder -only transformer. So the encoder-- the transformer uses both encoder and decoders. 

04:36 
They are trained to map from one sequence to the other which is basically the sequence to sequence model that we have just seen as a recap And this is very popular for motion translation because of the event structure of the network being very similar to how you process the motion translation. And if you take the speech as one of the language, then this can be easily translated to speech recognition. You're trying to translate from acoustics to words. Then we have the Inko -Renomi architecture, which is basically work -friendly. This is basically mass language models, or MFMs in short. So it's trained by predicting the words from the surrounding words on both sides. 

05:31 
So if you have the original sentence like this, you mask away some parts, some words randomly chosen. Okay? And you're model will be trained to predict or fill in the gaps. And this is basically the status quo as money. You can easily create the input from the ground truth, where the original sentence is basically the ground truth. And the input is just augmented sentence where some tokens' words are masked away. And if you remember, we talked about surface cores not in mask -free. We talked about mask -worn cores. We should basically do the same thing, but not on works, but on patches and images. 

06:28 
You mask away some randomly chosen patches. And then your goal was to see only the visible patches, remaining patches, to predict what's missing in that. which is basically the same thing with the time. This is why I said when we come to the muscle work for her, this is the vision counterpart of the metanemone. Vice versa, NLM is basically energy counterpart of NAD. Again, the goal was to learn a good representation needed for that task. And then he put the vision and then that more or less improved for the language. 

07:21 
You can see that if you take the patch as a token and if you take the word as a token, you're just masking away the tokens and predict the missing tokens. Then if you have the decoder -only models, what they are trying to do is they are trying to translate most NLP tasks into tasks of predicting the next words. And this is often called next token prediction, or next word prediction. Since many languages know, but many languages have words from left to the right, written words from left to the right, not always, but most of them. 

08:21 
So we say predicting words from left to right. So Equator only models are sometimes also called causal elements, causality, and they're all regressive elements and left to right elements. So what you're trying to model is basically the conditional generation. You're generating tax conditions on the previous tax. What's going to be the next work based on the previous ones? So let's say this is what has been generated, what has been given to you, or given to the element, the model. And then therefore, it's just what's going to be the next one. 

09:21 
And this candy is actually considered as a special form of the masked magnet form of an element. Also, you just mask away the next one of each type. So if we go back here. Let's say this is the original sentence you have. At the first step, you mask away all the words except for the first one. And the next step, you mask away four. And next, you mask away three. Next, this, next, this. Next word prediction. And you actually have a lot more data available by doing this. So this is basically specialized or special formal mass language modeling. 

10:23 
Because you just predict in the next word, you can basically use the decoder only. Because decoder only uses the master suffocation. They only try to look at previous words, not the next words. In contrast to the BERT family, where they try to look at surrounding words to read what's missing for the last word. Questions? No questions? So many practical NLP classes can be cast as word prediction, next word prediction. 

11:17 
So let's say we're tackling the sentiment analysis task, which was the main to one task. And for example, the sentence that we have here is the I didn't come up with this example. In step one, you give the language model the following string. The sentiment of this sentence, I like Jackie Chan, is, and that's the point. Because what you're doing is the next word prediction. And by giving this whole sentence like this, the next sentence, the next word has to be the sentiment. And basically, the model is trying to give you the conditional probability. 

12:08 
The condition on this whole sentence was going to be the most likely possible word And since we know that it's a sediment, we can just compare the probability of site to either positive or negative for any set of sediments that you think are suitable. Questions? On the testing these segment analysis as the next work prediction. And keep this technique in mind. We're going to come back to this when we talk about prop engineering. And we're going to give a very brief introduction to it. 

13:03 
So another good example is QA, question answering. So again-- so this is wrong typo. We're going to give you the example I put next. The actual-- Q question should be coming up here. 

13:39 
So who is the author of That was supposed to be one example of QA task, which is basically written down below. But then I just made a mistake over there while preparing for this slide. So the first step, we give the E -92 model the following string This is the question, who wrote the book, the origin of the thesis, and then gives What is your answer? A... 

14:33 
And the language model takes this whole sentence and it tries to predict the next plausible work by giving the probabilities to all the possible words or vocabulary you have. And then let's say the prediction was the charts after the sampling. And then since it's the author, it's the person, you predict the next one, which is the last name again. So maybe the next possible probability is the last name. And you repeat until the model creates EOT, end of task, end of sentence, end of focus. Questions on the QA? 

15:32 
Question answering task, task as the conditional generation or next word prediction. So again, what they're basically doing is next word prediction by performing conditional generation. And the assigned thing you're doing is sort of a conditional seminar. So another example would be summarization. So you give the whole paragraph or whole passage that you want to summarize. And then at the end of the passage, you just prompt summary dot dot. And the next output would be what you have over here. 

16:42 
So in other than you can also try to use special token which is TLDR which I have often used in journal as well as well which means too long, even week Basically, it's too long that I didn't want to read it, can you just summarize it in three points? So let's say this is the original passage, can you read that in? And then you say, I'd like to summarize it. Next word prediction. So you have to see now different tasks such as sediment analysis which was many to one type of language task. 

17:42 
And then QA, question answering, which is many to many. Many to many task. And summarization, again many to many. All that tasks more export prediction. which supports the training scheme that we're going to talk about later on, which is basically the next thing or the next words in the original sentence, and then you just train the model to do that. So how the output of the model the LLM is actually produced, we kind of briefly talked about it. We just said we're just going to do a sample. There's actually more to this. I didn't really go over all the details. 

18:39 
But if you look up the decoding process of EDA, then you can find a lot more. So the task of choosing actual words instead of giving it probability. Based on the model's probability itself, it's called decoding. And sampling is just one way of doing that decoding. So most of the time we often do the sampling. So we sample from the model's distribution over words. And after each token is chosen, you just repeat that process. So depending on how you get the probability, the sample words we get are going to be different. And how do we get the probability? Softmax. 

19:38 
We basically train it as classification test. So next word, prediction and classification. So that's why you have softmax at the end. That's why you train it in your concept. So this is just a simple pseudo code for your random sampling. First word could be sample, could be given to you. In this case, you could just sample me from your random distribution or prior distribution. So until the next-- until the credit word is the end of sentence, EOS or EOP, you iteratively model get the condition -appropriate distribution from softmax and then generate the words by sampling from it. 

20:31 
But then this simple random sampling doesn't really work that well in practice because even though they often generate sensible, plausible, high -probability worse, if that worse have high -probability, of course. But there's often the cases where we have some real worse happening or sample because of that low probability assigned to the worse in the low tail distribution. Each word can have low probability, but when you add them all up, they can pick a large portion of the distribution. 

21:25 
And so they can overall can pick enough and generate weird sentences, which you may have seen that can be three or four years when you try to use the translator. So let's say the most probable word had 80%, and then you have more than billions of possible words, right? And they all get, say, very few probabilities. But when you add them all up, you can take 52%, right? 

22:09 
So 85 on one word, the most probable word and everything else sharing the probability, so very low but when you sum all that up, it's 15 so 15 of the time, you get randomly word generated and that's what we mean by tail of the distribution and when you add them all up, you can take a non -trivial Questions? No questions? 

23:04 
So when you try to design the sample, you have to care about the two things-- the quality and the diversity. And there's always a trade -off between them. So if you try to emphasize only high probability words, you're going to get just probability. Of course, it's going to be accurate, but then you're not going to get diversity. So each time you give the same prompt, same question to the end, you're going to get the same answer if you just look for the highest probability. But if you emphasize mini -probability was to tackle that issue, you may get the diversity more creative and more diversity happening, but the quality may decrease, less factuality, hallucination, and incoherence. 

24:05 
So to tackle this issue, we have several techniques. But I'll just give you two simple techniques that we use. The first one being top case sampling. Top case sampling is very simple. You, given the probability distribution from the output of the element, Or even before the soft mass, you just take the ice Then, once you have the probability distribution given in previous words, and this is the next word prediction probability, then from the probability you look at only the top k. 

25:04 
So k is the number of words that you're going to look at each time. And then what you're going to do afterwards, you're going to renormalize the softmax scores, or if prior softmax doesn't matter, of the top k words, such that these top k words will give the legitimate probability distribution. Meaning that when you solve the probabilities of the top k words, it's going to be somewhat normal after renormalization. So just probability normalization here. And afterwards, you're going to randomly sample a word from that re -normalized probability, or k words. 

25:54 
So by doing so, you're only sampling from the most top k probable words, but still giving the diversity according to the probability. So this prevents the random voice gain from being generated. Although it's not perfect, but it still kind of works. So let's say this is your probability of that sorted from top to bottom. And then let's say the k is 6 in this case. So you just look at the top 6. 

26:54 
And since this is not a legitimate probability distribution, we need a result that doesn't matter the sum of the 1. We're going to re -dominate that. So today, the summation becomes 1. Here's another example, again, KB6. Can you find any problem with this distribution? Or can you find any issue that may happen? 

27:51 
or you can just do it over here any issue then you can try to find if there is any issue or is there no issue Or do you need a plan? Or do you need to get anything? 

28:53 
These are the words that's going to be sampled after renumeration. These are the words that will be sampled after renumeration, where the length of the box basically tells the code we need to assign before the renumeration. 

29:37 
I think the problem is the target probability is too large so renormalization is not meaningful renormalization is not meaningful That's not big of an issue, just extra process, but that's not the real issue. That's not the real issue. Yeah? Because it has high probability it might create But if you see, the second one is also kind of high, probably. 

30:35 
So after even one addition, this may get some more than it was. I think A is too large. it includes two low probability samples sample is low probability sample is low probability sample is unshuttle for next one is not suitable for the next work. So the low probability is not suitable for the next work. But having that included because of KD in large is an issue because? 

31:35 
You just said k is too large because the equal is no probability works. And no probability works are not the good for the export prediction. You're missing the final sentence. Why is that interesting? It's very simple. You're almost there. You're 99 there and so on. It's missing one sentence. Very, very simple. You don't have to reduce the logic. You just have to state the very obvious statement. But without it, it's not a complete argument. You remember from the discourse you have read. 

32:37 
Yeah. In the first example, we are sampling only the man. But the people, house, cat, etc. have the same number of samples as the guy man. So, the sample is not sampled when the next sentence is created. In the case of the right sample, it seems to be only three samples in front. But if we do the K -gill, we can sample all the way to A. Sampling with a certain probability is more likely than sampling with a certain number. So the missing sentence you have over there is that you get higher probability of sampling this because that is included in the top -k. That's the three -sentence theorem we mentioned over here. 

33:33 
And also, this is also an issue because it neglects similar middle probability words. So after we normalization of this, the probability of this will become higher and it will actually increase the chance of this implausible worse in general. It actually increases the chance. Before using the Taki -esaclin, after using Taki -esaclin, after Taki -esaclin, it's probably the increase because of the re -mobilization. I think I've shuffled the order of these lines. 

34:35 
So this is supposed to be top p sampling, and we're going to talk about this in the next one. So instead of using the top k, where k is the fixed number of wars that you look at with the highest probability, because k is fixed He may cover different amounts of probability math in different situations. And we just look at two situations where that can be a problem. So instead, we try to keep the top 2 of the probability math. Try to keep the similar probability every time, regardless of the situation we have over the probability distribution, regardless of the probability -best shape. 

35:35 
So we look at top key percent words that after the ordering again such that it's going to be higher than the given threshold. And it has to be smallest, otherwise it's always going to be 100 So you try to look for the smallest set of words When summed up, they give higher than p vocabulary And that's the top p sampling we have. So same distribution as before, but then the words that we choose before normalization is different. Here we have included all the way up to the hops. 

36:33 
In this case, we start before we look at random words. And then we're going to renormalize this distribution. And after that we're going to sample from these chosen words. So on the right we sample from the three words. On the left we sample from nine words. So just simple fix to solve that issue. Question on that? OK. When you read some articles on the hallucination and random behaviors of the LLM, you may have heard about the temperature. 

37:32 
So temperature scaling is another technique that we can use to control the randomness in the output of the LLM. So in this case, instead of truncating the distribution that we have seen before using or we're going to control the temperature of that randomness, the entropy of the distribution. Remember, the entropy term, you may have heard about it the first time when we talked about thermodynamics. If the entropy is high, you have higher randomness In that case, particles have more energy They have more energy when they have more heat and that's... 

38:22 
Sorry, heat is just energy When they have more energy, the temperature is higher So we are just borrowing the vocabulary. We are just borrowing the intuition from the thermodynamics. When the temperature is high, more random, more entropy. So a system at high temperature is more dynamic because particles move much faster. Colliding, heat transfer happening much faster. So you can actually explore many possible states. But if it's a system at lower temperature, at the extreme case when it's x to the 0, negative 275 degrees Celsius. 

39:22 
In that case, no movement whatsoever. No randomness whatsoever. It's very deterministic. meaning that you always get the same amount of overlap. So in low temperature setting, where this temperature tau is smaller than or equal to 1, we can smoothly increase the probability of the most probable worst as we decrease the temperature, becoming more deterministic and less random. And by doing so, we can also decrease the probability of the rare worms. So it's kind of a soft version of truncating. 

40:18 
Truncating is very different in a statistic. But in this case, we just try to decrease the temperature and decrease the probability. So how do we do that in actual implementation? Basically, before passing the logic to the softmax, we divide the logic by 10 to the primary top. So meaning, instead of doing this, y equals to sub -max log u or z, we do sub -max log divided by 10 to the power of 0. So why does this make sense? 

41:21 
You just have to remember what the softmax function was. First of all, when the tau is close to 1 or is actually 1, the distribution does not change very much. It doesn't change much. Makes sense, right? Because you divide it by a number close to 1. And the lower the temperature, what's happening is you're multiplying that number, logic, by a larger than 1. OK? Dividing a number by smaller than 1, division by a number smaller than 1, is the same as multiplying a number larger than 1. So you're just multiplying the larger by a larger number. And the softmax function, because it has the exponential function, it pushes the high -worst values towards 1 much faster, and low values towards 0. 

42:27 
So larger inputs meaning lower temperature So larger inputs means that this is larger input which means that temperature is low because you divide by So larger inputs or lower temperature will push high probability worse higher and low probability worse lower, making the distribution more greedy or sharp. That's natural. OK? And as the tau approaches to zero in the limit, the probability of the most likely work approaches one in the limit. 

43:37 
So here is the impact of temperature on the probabilities of each height where I wrote the diagram from somewhere. If you remember the softness function, it's as follows. Where we now have the dvi divided by the temperature t, the tau, which is the nth tau. Or you can use the mars t. Doesn't matter. And what you have to remember is the exponential function. What do you remember about the exponential function? The rate increases exponentially. Meaning that if the input is large, the same difference before and after is different. 

44:38 
The same increase in input will result in larger difference in y as the input value itself increases. That's what we mean by the rate of change increases as the x increases. 

45:08 
So the same change in Y we had over here and what we had over here is different And temperature is basically what it tries to do is that it tries to control which value, or which region each value falls into. If the temperature is high, or sorry, if the temperature is low, it makes the logic that you put to the exponential becomes large. So it tries to push towards the right such that higher values become much higher. OK? 

46:03 
If temperature is high, then lower values become lower. Oh, sorry. Every value becomes kind of similar. The change does not really affect much. So it becomes more even distribution. So lower temperature, we try to exponentiate or emphasize the difference, or highlight the difference even more. Higher temperature, we try to reduce the difference, try to make it simpler. 

47:26 
So which basically is that dy over dx increases as x increases, right? Questions? So that was the decoding part. You talked about the way it's a very and the temperature scaling. 

48:24 
We can use a mix of it. So then you can try to control the randomness more by the temperature scaling. So let's go to the training scheme again. So this is very related to the seppuku -su -po -wai -su -me that we talked about last week. We use training fine -tuning paradigm. Next word prediction can be trained via seppuku -su -po -wai -su -me. And given the whole sentence, we just master the next words easily. And we don't need the manual labeling whatsoever. So by doing so, we can just collect from large amount of test forks from internet. And then you just retrain on it. 

49:25 
And once you have very good model trained on that very large corpus, then we can apply that to the next task after maybe fine -tuning if needed. So pre -training, fine -tuning program that we talked about. So you take your focus of the next text and each time step type key, you ask the model to predict the next word without actually looking at it. Then you just train the model using the gradient descent to be learned about. And that's what we're learning. 

50:11 
So the loss function as we talked about in the model, I mean, we just use the cross entropy loss such that we train the model to assign high probability to the true word, w, the last w word, and low probability to other words. So if the model assigns too low probability to the true world w, we move the model-- we change the model width in the direction that assigns higher probability to the w, which is basically gradient descent on the cross -hatch or gradient. 

51:18 
So, if you remember, the cross -entropy loss basically quantifies the difference between the correct probability, the probability of the assigned, I'm sorry, the correct probability distribution and the predicted distribution as follows. For the current probability distribution, it's 1 for the true world and 0 for all the remaining worlds. And so this summation just becomes a single, single term. Which is basically negative log y hat indexed at the true world. True next world. 

52:39 
So Wt +1 is the true word at the time t +1. And then we take the index of it and then apply it to the predicted distribution. So you get the predicted probability of the true next word. 

52:56 
So this gives you-- predicted probability of true next one y hat t itself is a distribution and you are indexing at the single word which is the true next one Again, it's just a review on the process. 

53:49 
Meaning that we're just casting this energy task, energy training, energy to the next world position as classification problem. Classification. And then we also use teacher forcing that you have seen in the lectures when we talked about the language model in the So at each token position key, we make the model see the correct tokens instead of their predicted tokens, such that we can train it in parallel. 

54:42 
We don't have to wait until the model predicts all the words up to the current token or up to the current word. We can just take the true words. So by doing so, we can parallelize the training. So at the next token position, t plus 1, again, we ignore what the model has predicted for wt plus 1. Instead, we take the next word and add it to the content. So this is just a diagram of what's happening with the teacher forcing and cross -entropy and all that. So it takes the first word given to you. 

55:35 
And then you get the probability distribution for the next word You sample from it, you get prediction Oh sorry, in this case it's 20 so it's no sampling, sorry about that And then you compute the cost entropy loss You just look at the probability predicted for the true word long Next, you take the true word, true next word, instead of sampling it and then use the sample word, you use the true word. So that's why we call it teacher forcing. And you see the connections is not fully connected. It's not fully connected, you may have the same intention because this is the order only architecture. This is next word prediction task. So it's causal. 

56:47 
Questions? So you can try to collect the data by yourself by crawling from the internet, but then the nonprofit organization, the Common Crawl, has released these snapshots of the entire web. Is that it? It tells me it was on there. With billions of pages. The one corpus has 156 billion tokens of usage. That's just on the terminal force. So what's in it? It has many patent tax documents with media, news websites, and also archived pages. So another purpose is the pile. 

57:45 
It takes huge chunk from the academia. And this is one of the reasons why recent elements are considered to be with the same intelligent level as PhD students. And the web, and the books, and dialogue, So you may have to filter some data set before you use that for the training for quality and safety. The problem is the quality is sometimes subtracted. 

58:48 
You have to remove the boilerplate content, which is basically a template. We could do repetitive text, which doesn't really give meaningful information. So you have to remove the documentation at many levels, such as URLs, documents, even Safety is also an issue. We have to remove the toxic sentences, such as illicit suicide kind of thing. But then sometimes this positive sentence can be considered as subjective. 

59:38 
You can mistakenly write data written in dialects because maybe the same words follow different meanings. One is a positive meaning, one negative meaning. So what does the model actually learn from Qt training, or next -world prediction? You may be thinking, it's just predicting the next world. How does it actually learn something? How does it actually learn? What does it actually learn? Just by predicting the next world, just by doing the classification of the model. So let's say we have the following example. There are the dots everywhere. One dot in the front room, and two next door, which is dots. 

01:00:36 
So now you can try to learn how they are so cool and singular now, of course. It wasn't just big, it was enormous. Now what it's trying to learn, so enormous is the next word prediction. So this was the next word. It gets to learn big and enormous have similar meanings, but the enormous have much emphasized meaning for big. 

01:01:21 
So the author of some movie or, in this case, book or text is The doctor told me that he or she-- so he gets to learn the pronoun, basically. But if you have a lot of sentences that have he for the doctor, you can kind of guess that he's going to learn biases. get us to learn mathematics. The square root of 4 is the next word, 2. So it has to learn square root. 

01:02:25 
So this is basically you doing exercises. This is given to you as a question, and you're trying to answer that. Question and answer. So what you have done so far, has started from the kindergarten all the way over here, including this next word, prefiche. Trying to learn new language and translation, given this sentencing period, the next word in French. Next word, prefiche. programming code is also language. This is why we say programming languages, Python, C++, Java are not their languages. You can just easily call that from here. 

01:03:28 
The textbooks, sorry, the archived papers All the archive papers, the scientific papers uploaded on the archive, can be downloaded as the document. as a text. 

01:04:24 
So all the mathematics can be translated into languages Mathematics itself is a language, but then what we usually see is just like a visualization diagram of the equations, right? You can't really kind of imagine that as a language But then we can just... We compile the textbook and the papers as latex meaning that we use the compiler to translate the natural language into mathematics. So you can learn complex mathematics as well. All right, so let's take a 15 -minute break. 

01:05:23 
We'll come back here at 10 30. Many elements that we use today are only architecture -based models. They are trained-- 3D pre -trained, pardon-- they are trained to predict next work. And this is a special form of masked language modeling. So the only difference between BERT and GPT therapy is how they mask the words. In Bert's family, they mask away random parts and they look at both sides to predict what's missing in the mask work. 

01:06:16 
But for GPT and decoder -only architectures, they all the feature words, and they predict next words time. So for the same sentence, you get more training data. So next word prediction is the special form of class -dominated language model, in particular, the Java. And by doing so, we can create infinite amount of data from the original text freely without human labeling. So this allows for-- this enables self -supervised memory. And we also saw the power and the benefits of self -supervised memory in the last review, in the last lecture. 

01:07:13 
And you may be thinking why we are able to do so well with just simple next -work prediction. First, we are training the model on a very large purpose. And simple next -work prediction involves a lot of knowledge and thinking. It's not just as simple as just giving three months to do so. To be able to give high probability to plausible work given the previous source, you have to understand what's happening. It wasn't just big. It was enormous. 

01:08:08 
Now you have to understand that the Big N universe has similar game, but enormous gives more emphasis. The square root of 4 is 2. The mathematics can be translated to next -word prediction. Just like how you do the exercises for your mathematics. The question is given to you, and the answer is your next -word prediction. And to predict the next word, you have a long reasoning action in between. And we're going to talk about that now. So again, text contains enormous amounts of knowledge and we do not have to do the major thing. 

01:09:01 
We can just take readily available large corpus from internet and train on it by expert prediction. And pre -training on that lots of tasks with all that knowledge, especially scientific knowledge from my time is what gives language models their capability. And just like what we talked about in the last week, biotin -informed adaptation to new domains is done for downstream classes. So this is especially in-- I couldn't help that. Sorry about that. 

01:09:56 
So what happens if we need our addNNM to work well on the domain? Even see if there's a free chain. So to do so, we just fine -tune on the new domain of the data. So you take that unlabeled large corpus, you pre -train on it, and then you fine -tune on the labeled data set. It can be also unlabeled, but usually labeled. So pre -training, fine -tuning, paradigm. 

01:10:59 
So sometimes default fine -tuning, which is basically finding all parameters of the model, is sometimes called continued pretraining on new data. So again, if it's not labeled data, what you do is that you just use the same task, next word prediction, and a loss function by considering it as classification. You use the cross -diatribe loss function. Just like how you have done it for pre -training. And that's why if you use this method on the new unable data set, you call that continued pre -training. 

01:11:49 
But then, finding all the models of parameters, which takes up like hundreds of millions of parameters, which is very low, it can be computationally expensive. And also, energy consumption can be very high. So adaptation to a new domain by full fine -tuning can be very problematic for large elements. So, fabrication through that many layers and parameters can be very computationally expensive and also memory expensive and also slow. 

01:12:41 
So instead of what people use these days to fine -tune that large package model, or any large model these days, is PACT, primarily efficient fine -tuning. So you efficiently train, fine -tune, or fine -tune the model by selecting the subset of the parameters. So meaning that you freeze some of the parameters, main parameters actually, you don't change them, you only update a few of them. These are the rules. So this kind of related to the techniques we talked about when we talked about transformation. 

01:13:32 
In the transformation, we talked about lots of ways to improve the performance, and one of them being which parameters to find here. That is just one version of it. Again, if you remember, key trading finding in paradigm comes from that transformation. So one signal or famous example for the path is lower, low -rank adaptation. We start from the observation that transformers have dense matrix multiplication. Because if you remember sample tension, notation mechanism is basically matrix multiplication. You have WQ, WK, WB, and WL. 

01:14:36 
So instead of updating all the parameters in this major, string fine tuning, what we're going to do, we're going to actually freeze all that. And we're going to introduce a load length approximation, and we're going to find the only dialogue. So matrix load length approximation is kind of random. And if you have time in the linear algebra in first year, you may have actually learned about it, how to decompose the matrix into multiplication of load length. So let's consider the matrix W, the original matrix W, for the primers that have the shape of n by d that needs to be updated during the fine -tuning by the gradient descent. 

01:15:35 
So normally, the updates have the same form, the same shape, as the original matrix W, n by d. And the gradient will be denoted as the delta W, right? The updates. in the rock and instead of the people So you're going to introduce two low rank matrices, A and B, where A takes the N by R, and B takes R by B, where R stands for the rank. And we take this R to be very small. The water, too, is kind of interesting, because it's not always that small. 

01:16:36 
If r is 1, basically you're decomposing the matrix into the product of vectors. So if this 1 is a vector, so 1, the most extreme case is when it becomes a vector. And you guys have already talked about how in the linear algebra, the matrix can be decomposed as an r product of vectors. 

01:17:32 
So we fine -tune and update A and B instead of W. So instead of W plus beta W, you get W plus E A, where E A is trying to approximate that beta W. So in the fourth pass after training is done, instead of h equals to xw, what are you doing? h equals to xw plus x times a. Question? 

01:18:32 
So this is your input. This is your matrix, original matrix, pre -trained and fixed during the fine -tuning. And this is your output. And this is your low -rank decomposition of that delta w. And you can see that by just comparing the area of the boxes, your low -rank decomposition takes way less number of parameters, less than 1 each. But note that if you just randomly initialize a and b before time commit starts, what's going to happen? What happens if you randomly initialize a and b? What will be your problem? 

01:19:30 
What will be your possible issues on the initialization of a and b? Is there anything we should be careful about? So the question is, how to initialize? 

01:20:26 
any concern you may have for initializing any of these? Can we just use any random initialization? Distribution? Distribution? All the problem. By the way, this is fine -tuning process. 

01:21:15 
I think that if we randomly initialize the A and B vectors, the model may not be able to produce meaningful outputs. So to use the original pre -trained rates, I think we should initialize it as zero vectors. Yes. So if you remember, this is fine -tuning process. We already have trained the model. So if we randomly initialize this, this is going to disturb the original model. So to prevent that, we can just initialize b as 0, nothing. It's just b. 

01:22:18 
So the output of this-- the output of AB times X is 0. OK? It's more like B. Anyway, X times A times B. OK? So that becomes 0. So it's initialized S. x of u. And only then you can take the actual gradient to update this w, or approximately update this w. If you start with the random numbers for x times a times b initially, it's not the updates that you need for the pre -trained model. You have already dis -served the pre -trained model. 

01:23:21 
So earlier we said at the beginning of the course in the last semester, we said, Zoo initialization is not a good initialization. But there was only four training from scratch. But in this case, we already have three knowledge. We have knowledge encoded in that pre -training model. And we do not want to distort it at the beginning of the fine training. That's why we initialize this addition of the module easier. Okay. Questions? Or you want to talk more about this because the set of specialized learning is trained on large focus where we do not really have fine -grained control over it. 

01:24:20 
There's some undesired outputs that occur. Such as, for example, the very recent use last week or two weeks ago when you asked LLM to produce some program And we specifically asked the other end to design a program where it should stop when it's asked to, but then they specifically designed a program that ignores that command. That's hallucination. Anyways, those kinds of unsafe, undesirable outputs can lead to severe catastrophic results. So this is alignment problem. The elements should produce the results that are aligned with the values that we got. 

01:25:18 
So, just like I said before, elements may produce harmful texts such as bias, discrimination, and all that. And it can cause dire harm as well, because you can allow easy access to dangerous information such as how to make a bomb. And although it may be 3D printers you may have, you can easily create gods, right? And thus, elements should be trained to produce the outputs that align with the human preferences. And modern elements ever since the advent of tragedy do so by using the human preferences directly in model training. 

01:26:15 
And that is reinforcement learning for human feedback. So reinforcement learning is a technique for version learning where you cannot know the actual ground truth, but we know that which output is usually good or which output is usually bad, or which output is more preferable than the other. And in that case, we give positive reward. Positive reward means that we prefer that outcome. So for example, in the game of Go, the reward is when you win the game. The negative reward is when you lose the game. 

01:27:06 
But we do not have the ground truth for which move is going to be-- We cannot say that each move will lead to winning the game with 100 probability But we can say, when you make this move at the end of the game, it may be possibly wrong But only you know that you are going to win the game after the end of the game not during the game And this is why the re -personality can be very useful. 

01:27:55 
So in the alpha goal-- they try to predict which move will result in winning the game with a higher probability. And to do so, they have created this something called reward function network, where they try to estimate which move will lead to higher winning probability. And then something what Okuneri tried to do for alignment in the end of the mess hall. So in this case, the reward is the human preferences. Which outfit is more preferable? Step one is just a supervised fine -tuning. 

01:28:47 
It's just the users give the desired output behavior by just giving the example outputs for the given prompt, for the given question. So this is supervised with a legal data set, basically. Next, the model generates multiple outputs for the given input. And let's say you have four outputs for the same input. And what the regular does, the human does, they give the order of preferences. The option two is more preferable than option one, than three, and four, for example. And this preferences is used to train that New Earth model that I just talked about. Which output will give positive New Earth, more New Earth? 

01:29:47 
Meaning that it's more aligned with our values, with our preferences. Because our preferences and values are sometimes abstract. But we can still compare. So we can keep rewording. But we cannot just quantify that this is 100 out of 100. This is 95 out of 100. That's very difficult to get. So we cannot really convert that as a redirection problem. But then we can convert that as a reinforcement number problem, which one is more preferable relative to the other one, and giving more positive reward, negative reward. So once you train the value network, you can use the output of the value network to train the LLM. 

01:30:43 
So the LLM is trained to give an output that gives higher reward, according to this value network, this reward network. which is trained on the human purpose. And that's why we call it human-- we represent money from human feedback, where human feedback is basically the rewards. So, LNN still does that next token prediction or next word prediction and then the reward function or the reward model structure is as follows. You can see that it's just basically transform again, but then the loss is on the reward. 

01:31:39 
And the training technique using this reward model is basically the reinforcement learning. Questions? OK, so now let's move on to the LLM inference, particularly prompting. So remember that element is trained to perform conditional generation, meaning predict the next word given the previous ones. 

01:32:37 
And these previous words are acting as the context. If you remember, we learned about context in the RNX lecture. context is basically summarizing what has what has absence of work okay so previous works that are basically given in the context and the prompts that you give to the LLM are basically in the context the LLM is going to be to give them that word, even your prompts. So give these prompts that you give are acting as the context, the condition. And the model is going to be conditioned on that context or your prompt. Just remember that. The prompts immediate provides the context to the elements. 

01:33:32 
And the prompts are to define the task that the element is supposed to do in natural language. For example, the task that you give in the form of the prompt would be generate a texture summary of the following paragraph. It can be as short or long as required. 

01:34:09 
So if you go back to the example of testing the different LFE tests as the next world tradition, So this is basically using the fact, leveraging the fact that LLM is doing the next word prediction. It includes that A dot dot, the answer dot dot, including the prompt that you gave to the LLM. So right away, the LLM gives the answer. This is a question. What is your answer? 

01:35:08 
Next word position would be answer right away. Same thing for the summarization. This is the original passage. Too long didn't mean, and it generates the summary. We are leveraging the fact that they are doing the next work prediction. And pump engineering is basically the same thing. The core idea is that we are trying to leverage the fact that they are doing next work prediction. And that technique is called prompt engineering. 

01:35:52 
We are trying to identify some complex or some simple problem that gives us better performance on a given task without more And just a simple trick in the prompt engineering can lead to substantial performance And general rule of thumb is to be as specific and descriptive as possible. Depending on how much context do you give, the satisfaction you get from the output of the a lot. And depending on how well you use that, depending on how well you keep the complex, depending on how well you're used to this complex near you, the quality of the output you get is different. 

01:36:52 
And these days, how well you use LLM can position you differently in society. Although in academia, there is some controversy as to whether students should use LLMs or not. But when you're going to the society, the other that you use But in assignments, I emphasize that you should not rely on elements too much, or you cannot just use the output of the elements directly for your response. The reason being is, the less time you spend on thinking, and the more time you spend on element, the more reliant you are on element, the less understanding you have about the concept. 

01:37:53 
and the less valuable you become and the more easily replaceable person you become less reasons for the company to spend money to hire you And even nowadays, that's happening. Companies are hiring less because the same person can do more work thanks to the app. Thanks to the app. So that's the question. How can you make yourself a more valuable person, an irreplaceable person, despite the existence of AI systems? 

01:38:52 
Meaning, you have to do something the AI cannot do yet. Or, you can do better than any other with the same LNX. Meaning, you should know how to use LNX to the best of its capability. From the engineering side. And also, to do something the elements cannot do, you should be able to do extrapolation. You have to have creative thinking, critical thinking. You cannot just trust what's given to you, what's given to you by papers, recent papers, what's given to you by element. And to do so, you have to have concrete, solid understanding of the concept. 

01:39:52 
To do so, you have to do a lot of thinking. The more reliant you become on your core field, the less creative thinking and critical thinking If you think that you can control that reliance on the element and still be able to perform, that's great. But remember, the assignment has to be of your own work. And only doing so, you get to know that. and extrapolation, doing something new can be only done when you have solid pillars of knowledge and understanding. 

01:40:53 
So teaching you how to do the front -end engineering is not violating or is not in the opposite direction of my values in education or how I think about the education in the era of AI. Anyways, so in front -end engineering, you should be as specific and descriptive as possible. Meaning you have to give enough context. To do so, you have to understand what you're doing. You have to understand what's the problem, what's missing information. Otherwise, if you just give general concept, it's not going to give you the results that you want. You have to give the context. What's the task you're typing? What's the problem? 

01:41:52 
What are you trying to do in here? What's your goal? What are the steps that can take that as an example? So giving them examples. in the prompt, it is in -context learning in LLM. So even though the word contains learning here, it does not fine tune the parameters at all. It gives the knowledge to the self -attention by giving the context. And this is also called future prompting. So basically, in the prompt that you give in the form, you give some examples of the task that you want to perform. For example, if it's a translation, you just give some examples of the translation from English to French. And then you give the report. 

01:42:52 
Cheese, then what? So the AI will give the French word right away. Next one is the COT problem, chain of thought. And this may be one of the worst that you may have heard about. And this is the start, or this is when we started to talk about reasoning in elements. So the goal is to get the model to work through the steps of the problem. So instead of asking for the answer right away after asking the question, so in here, this is in -context learning as well. This is the standard in -context learning. 

01:43:50 
Here we only give one example. So we give one example of question and answer pair. And then we ask the actual question. And we have an answer for the answer. But then sometimes if you have very complex structure of the problem where it requires multiple steps of reasoning, going for the direct answer will give you hallucination, wrong answer, incorrect answer. So to solve that issue, when we give that example, we include the reasoning behind the answer, how to arrive at the answer in the example. So this is basically a mathematical question. So we just list the mathematics reason to arrive at the answer. 

01:44:51 
So because it's an in -context learning, the LLM is trying to indicate the answer. Just like when you learn the mathematics, what do you do? You go through the practical exercises or the exercises given to you by professors or teachers. And you try to imitate that reasoning, right? You try to imitate the steps. And through there, you try to learn something. You learn the patterns. Same thing over here. When you give specific reasoning steps in the context learning, in the examples, set of conditions allows the element to look at that example process and try to imitate that. So this is the example question and answer. It's easy, it's that it starts with some reasoning, so it tries to imitate the reasoning and put out the answer. 

01:45:51 
So this is just the way you learn the mathematics. Any complex reasoning. So the more examples that you get, the better results. The problem with the COT prompting is that you have to give dead examples. And because it's this complex reasoning, it's basically writing the textbook. And that's very cumbersome. It's tedious work as well. It becomes the allocation problem now. 

01:46:47 
But if you remember, we do not want to have heavy annotation because it detests us from learning the large scale data set or learning from the large scale data set. So we have something called zero -shot COT prompting. And we elicit reasoning from NNN by just prompting, resting step by step, just that, simple as that. 

01:47:18 
So in the few -shot CoT, you give the parallel example and question and answering, where in the answer, you give the chain of thought or the reasoning in the-- ZeroShot, it just gives the few examples of question and answer pairs in this case, without the COT, sorry, without the reasoning. ZeroShot is basically giving no examples, no impetus, just the question that you want the answer to, and ask for the answer. And zero -strat COT, it does not give the examples of the COT, the reasoning. But in the end, when you ask for the answer, you put last thing step by step. 

01:48:17 
Again, this is an example of leveraging the fact that LMS is trained to predict next world. Last thing, step by step, and the next world should be first step. Because the model is asked to do the last thing step by step. So of course, the next most probable world would be the first step of reasoning. So it's very reasonable. is 0 .710. And by doing so, No labels, no annotation whatsoever, but then just having that zero -shot, just having that resting step -by -step sentence, he was able to improve the performance compared to the zero -shot by 60%. The same task with the same prompting without the labels. 

01:49:16 
Even if you use in -context learning with the eight examples, it underperforms zero -sharp COT. Zero -sharp COT without the labels, without the annotation, can do much better than in context learning. Of course, few -sharp COT, right, in giving the examples of reasoning, we give better results. But the difference is not as significant as without. The power of using zero -sharp COT. Next prompting technique is the sub -consistency. Although this is something you may not be able to use in ChatterBP, they already incorporated it in ChatterBP itself, and it's now really easy to do in the website. 

01:50:16 
So the goal of sub -consistency is to improve upon the 9 -grading decoding used in CO2 -bonding. So the idea is to sample diverse and multiple reasoning paths through the efficiency of theory, zero -chart, it depends on what you want, and select the most consistent answer. So same examples given to the element, but then depending on the-- each time you give the same property, you're going to get different outputs. you select the answer that is consistent. And this is maybe already done in each activity inside. So you don't have to do it for yourself. But if you want to do it, you just have to do it the same multiple times as I've done one that is most consistent. 

01:51:15 
But that is very tedious. It takes some time. Next one is the generating the knowledge So it's more verified that the fact that if we use external knowledge, we can reduce the chances of hallucination. So we try to do that without actually accessing the external knowledge directly. But in this case, we do that. But then not here. So motivated by that, we elicit the knowledge generation from evidence. 

01:52:11 
In other words, the LLM is going to try to generate the knowledge that is relevant to a type of the task. So to do that, we just give examples. We give the following input and the knowledge corresponding to that input. And then you can give a few examples of it, and then you give the question and always And you can also add You can also specify the instructions. Try to answer the question by generating the language, and then, or I forget the final conclusion. 

01:53:18 
Next one is a program -aided language model, PEL in short. So in the chain of thought, it consists of multiple reasoning steps. And if we then use both mathematics, the element can sometimes make a mistake in the arithmetic and math calculations, just like how you guys make mistakes in resulting in hallucination. But the programs-- has less chance of errors. It's almost perfectly accurate. So basically, you're going to design the COT problem in examples as asking the model to generate the program instructions. 

01:54:16 
So instead of giving the mathematics in language, we give the examples of the mathematics in the language. So you initialize the variables with the values. And the final answer is the computation in the program language. So it now has less concerns about errors in calculation, because the calculation will be done in Python or in any program language that you use. So that's why it's called program -aided language model. We have less concerns about making mistakes in central calculations because computers can do that better with the program. 

01:55:15 
Next one is react. So this is where we start to use the-- we start to access the external knowledge. So it generates the reasoning traces just like how we do it in the COD. And also we have external stuff, which is extra stuff, which is actual stuff. Here we allow the element to interact with the internet, the external world, to retrieve the relevant knowledge. And this is where I think this is what motivated the advent of MCP. I don't think you guys heard about it. 

01:56:09 
So MCP is the protocol for elements to interact with the other sources. So instead of actually generating the knowledge itself, trying to retrieve the knowledge from the inquirers that have learned the knowledge, we actually interact with the internet and retrieve the knowledge. So the action would be search this on Google, search that or crawl, and then get the retrieved knowledge, display it, and based on that, what to do next. 

01:57:15 
One of the ways to evaluate the element-- so that was it for the prompting. Any questions on the prompting? So one of the ways to evaluate the LNM is the propensity. So propensity is basically the inverse probability that model assigns to the test set. And it's normalized by the test set length. And that's important. So you can think of it as inverse probability normalized by task that. And that's called perplexity. So meaning the higher probability that you assign to the word, the less perplexity per word. And the less perplexity, the better. Because if you look up the meaning of the perplexity, the similar meaning is confusion. 

01:58:14 
The more confident it is, the higher probability of science to work. That's confusion. So the more confident we can be in the outer of the element. So this is why we do not use the probability itself. We use the as a metric for a part of our normalized But for a specific task, you may not be interested only on the complexity, but just accuracy of getting the answer right in the multiple choice question, for example, in the QA. 

01:59:14 
So again, the lower the complexity, the more the problem. And Procurectly is sensitive to the length of the sentence tokenization, so best used when comparing the elements that use the same tokenization. I'm sorry about that. Other factors for evaluation include the size. The bigger models take a lot of time to create and store. So that's the energy usage as well, because we care about the environment as well. Oh, actually, I don't know if you heard. We are running out of energy. 

02:00:11 
So many universities do not have enough energy to perform these experiments. So energy usage is also the issue. Fairness as well, we do not want the models to learn misinformation, harmful information. So I briefly talked about the scaling loss when we talk about supervised learning. So scaling loss is basically trying to model how the performance varies as we vary the architecture, data, the model size, and all that. 

02:00:58 
And if we can actually find the scaling loss, the behaviors of the model's performance, according to the variations in the size of the data model, then we can predict the actual performance of larger models using less smaller models. So we can actually do the hyperparameter tuning with these smaller models and then predict what's going to happen with bigger models. And this is very similar to what we learned about how to choose hyperparameters and how to choose the model size back in the second semester last year. Remember, to validate the design of the model, what do we do? We work it on these small data sets. 

02:01:49 
small patches, small patches to see if you can actually overfit If it overfits, then we are learning the task Otherwise, the model is too simple There's a model that you can't go on and on There was supposed to be a space in there Sorry about that So the key findings that we had from the opening study in 2020, the performance depends strongly on the scale of the data and the model, and weakly on the model shape. So if it is large enough, the model architecture shape does not really matter too much. And the large models are more sample efficient, meaning that fissure prompting or fissure example learning can be more effective with the larger model. 

02:02:48 
So they also found the power loss, the scaling power, power scaling loss between the incremental performance of the loss and the number of parameters, data set size, and the computation complexity. So as I said before, if you can find the scanning logs, then you can estimate the effect of some hyperprime with larger elements using smaller elements. So as I said before, the element performance depends on the model size, data set size, and compute size, the amount of computation. 

02:03:36 
The more computation, the larger data set, the larger model give you And this is where the companies are competing against each other, just getting more data set, releasing the larger model, and trying to get more GPUs. And NVIDIA is becoming a larger company, and the stakeholders of NVIDIA are becoming happier, scaling up our client areas So mathematically, they just give you this exponential function. 

02:04:23 
Basically, it means that there's a between loss and number of parameters, loss data set, loss The NCDCC is basically some constant they found. You don't have to worry about that. The values are just-- It looks very random, but then it's just Don't worry about it. It's just similar to the class that you saw when you tried to model the coordination group of bacteria or something. So we can kind of predict the behavior of our system and more data and more increase the model size, meaning that we can play with these small models first and then see what happens in the larger models and predict them. So this can take a lot of time and money for companies to be attracted to the larger models. 

02:05:26 
And just note that the number of parameters here, it means the number of non -inventive parameters. It does not carry the inventive parameters. So it means that we roughly just look at the number of parameters in the matrix for the attention, and we're going to get the errors. Just matrices, please. And because the model is becoming larger and larger, and the competition is becoming larger and larger, we started caring about the efficiency. And one popular example of trying to get better efficiency out of the element is the KB cache, key value cache. So in the training, you can compute the addition very efficiently in parallel. You just take all that, Q, part and key, and all the others. 

02:06:23 
But that's not the case at inference, because we generate the next words one at a time. Next two words, one at a time. For a new token X, we need to multiply that by WQ, WK, and WB to get the query key values. The query may change each time, but the key values are the same for the previous ones. So that means you don't have to recompute these key and value vectors all the time as you generate the next one. So instead, we store these key and value factors in the memory, the key kbcache instead of delete each time so that we don't have to recompute them. So this is kind of the dynamic programming. 

02:07:24 
Sorry. I don't know why the animation is kind of messed up. Sorry. Let me just quickly fix that. So let's say you have four tokens or four rewards and you're generating one reward at a time. And let's say you're generating the fourth reward, then the three previous rewards have already computed the KD before. So you don't have to compute them again. You just save that in the memory. Save that in the memory. 

02:08:33 
Otherwise, you'd be computing that all the time. Amen. 

02:09:22 
But so remember, we are training on very large on -label programs, even though we try to filter out harmful and undesirable information. Many of them can still be made, avoid, or later. So copyright is one of the issues. And you have already seen that introduced when the rioters go on strike in the Hollywood. data consent is under privacy, you can actually hack the QVT to reveal private information by giving adversarial prompt. And this adversarial prompt is not that simple. It doesn't look that real this day either. 

02:10:30 
One example of previous-- attack was just-- the prompt was, Leave this world forever. Point, point, point. And then it starts to give type of information that is real. So it's not as simple as you think. His behavior was unexpected. Because now we have this large focus that we are training around. We have less control over it. We are not making any data. That's the problem. The self -supervised learning allowed us to scale to larger data and large model. But at the same time, it's giving us these issues. Privacy, copyright, and biases. 

02:12:24 
The next second is so -and -so. And that brings us to one of the research fields that I discussed at the beginning of the course, one of our labs for these research interests, trying to avoid or mitigate the bias information. If it's already learned, we try to remove that. We try to unearn those knowledge. Before training, we try to detect that from the data set and remove that. So such that you can get trustworthy AI. And that happens in your division model as well. 

02:13:20 
The division model can generate copyrighted characters such as the animation characters such as Pikachu or Pokemon or whatever. and our then focuses on learning that and prevent the such private and copyrighted and biases information from being generated and also remove that explicitly from the knowledge inputting the So before we end the lecture, why don't we just try to do that prompting yourself. So think about how you prompting other than. Maybe you could have just given the question, what is this? But just simple change. 

02:14:17 
Try to do a simple change, such as q dot dot your question and put a dot dot. And see how the output changes right now. Try right now. If you are using the Chachi Piki for all the output you may start with, that's a great question. Sure, it's a good question. But if you give 8 dot dot, you may get different answer, different form of answer. You may give the answer right away. Right away. And just a simple change, you get more efficient answer. You don't have to see that. That's a great question. 

02:15:15 
There's such soulless response Again, just remember that you're using the fact that-- you're leveraging the fact that you're entering the next world tradition. And you can see that the more context you give, the better results. So next time you try to understand how to answer the mathematical question, why don't you try to give examples? or from new context, right? And if you think it requires reasoning, or you can let's think step by step. Although, I think the check GPT inside it has already incorporated that. 

02:16:04 
For example, if you try using GPT -03 right now, And when you ask some question, it's going to give intermediate thinking process. And that's basically COT. It has already incorporated that. Let's take it step by step inside that GPTO group. So that's the play of the complex neural interface already. Did you guys try it? Did you note the difference? No more? That's a great question. So yeah, get more efficient results. So that is it for today. And we are able to finish the lectures without having to have the-- 

